Transcript:

Me: Did some more research on the market landscape side, and also the policy side. So we And then we also put together a light portfolio review of our client investments. And we thought we could do a quick walk through, of where we that there's been more My thoughts Then we revamped the list of gaps So things that we either said we would invest in or wanted to invest in or things that maybe the market is telling us are and kind of USV that as a long list can then make a shortlist out of of things that we wanna go Albert. And then we can just talk about next steps for figuring out where we want it. This next year. Great. And it's good timing because Albert, you know, just seems around is dark. Today, and I think this we can also kind of cross reference this with that thinking. Yeah. Totally. Cool. So, basically, the first half of the deck is, like, what's been happening. And then the second half of the deck is, like, what should USV so the what's been happening, what's happening in the market, a lot of this data came is coming from Climate Tech DC They just published sort of a landscape a few weeks ago. But, basically, the high level is is that climate investment has been coming down so in the last 2 quarters, first half of this year, there is $11,000,000,000 of investment and that's down 20% compared to the first two And so if you're looking at this we had 4,800,000,000 of dollars of investment Q2 of 2024, and that's sort of haven't seen that since 2020. The amount of deals being done come down And what's interesting is it's not only coming down, it's with the later USV investment, but also at precede and seed. And for a while, that was the most resilient. The only sort of, like, uptick is that round size between or deal size between c and series a. It's So total funding's down. Number of deals is down, but there's a little maybe they're slightly bigger rounds. Can we cross reference this with the broader the broader market You know, obviously, there's, like, you know, if you compare this to AI with is this corollary with the rest of the market or is it specific to climate? That's a good question. I know Fred gets those sort of, like, quarterly pitch book updates, so I can add that in I do think AI doesn't have down somewhat. So maybe it is sort of in line. But to the the degree, I'm not sure. Yeah. I just I would just like to ask a question. This is showing cumulative investment in climate. Since the beginning of 2020 and so, basically, the main thing it's showing is that it's the the slope is starting to level out a little bit. And then it also breaks out climate investment I the 7 different categories. So transport is always at the most. Followed by energy, followed by food, and then carbon built environment, climate management, and voice. Kaden so What's what's interesting about this time is coming later is that the the the what are the biggest subsects Right? So transportation and food and Yeah. A lot of the transportation investments are not early stage appropriate for us, and then we've looked at the active deals right. All It's just an observation. Oh, for sure. But it's just it's small. And and so this slide basically breaks down what's what investments look like across those Matt categories. And so because overall climate investment has been coming down, most categories have also come down. So on average, each climate tech category has seen funding drop by 20% in the last 2 quarters. However, some categories did. But some categories have been more resilient than others. So this is showing energy in food and land. So energy actually saw funding Grace. And energies are things like renewable development, nuclear energy, and food and land use So in the past 2 quarters, funding has come down 23%. But this is showing that in the last quarter, funding actually went up. And so that's things like alternative protein crop in your farming. So maybe we're seeing a slight uptick here. And then the next slide is showing the categories that were harder hit. So that's transportation, things like batteries, automobiles, EVs, climate management, which is stuff like ESG, on desk. Carbon accounting oh, sorry. No. Not carbon accounting. 3rd is built environment. That's energy efficiency, construction, cooling, and carbon, which is carbon removal. Anything to do with carbon markets. So know some of my takeaways Here, is that it it it's hard to I think it's interesting that industry has been hit Industry has come down 40% and then if you look at this graph here, industry actually accounts for 25% of global emissions. But the amount in only 15% of investment goes into industry. And industry contains things like mining and Matt. So in some ways, you know, that's another What? Tick for a reason to to keep exploring mining metals, but I do think overall industry has just been for you to invest in. Given that it's it's not really our wheelhouse. But, interesting to It what it's interesting to me, and my guess is that has a lot to do with industries. Too because I think a lot of this Yes. Very well. Would we have categorized, Skyline as industry or I think according to this, Skyven I'm trying to look for heat I think that's probably Yeah. If you have the case either way. Energy storage. Right? Got it. Yeah. And then the last couple slides have been very much like what's the data telling us. It's to know, like, what is a more like, a a hype year market trend versus a less high fee market trend just from this. It's like and it's totally Matt and I put our heads together, and we're just like, what are we hearing out of the year's market excitement right now? And then what are we hearing are the areas of market so under excitement, talk about how to make power AI with clean energy, how to make data Wenger here. Septum. There's been a lot of talk about AI materials discovery, AI Every 3rd, we've just seen a lot of, like, battery storage Investments for there's been more talk of, methane, MRVE, Norm, it's there's there's gonna be more late stage rounds happening in geothermal. And then lastly, there's just more chatter about Young tech, like, climate tech I see that a big article on both, like, what's the hardware? We could look at, modernize the grid but also the software. And then areas of slowness voluntary carbon markets, ESG Mandel carbon accounting, I think you could read this 2 different ways. I I've seen more news about SAS having a hard time. There'd be more delays, more more project cancellations, alternative proteins and then offshore wind also been having a lot of Also, probably because of Yeah. It I I love to dig in a little bit more on that what like, the well funded payer side, so tech you know, the innovators, the highland airlines and industrials. Just what I think if you could unpack that a little bit. Certainly, You're not not coming. But it also seems I'm still it's like, tech companies and financial institutions are paying up. Yeah. We had an interesting conversation with, with Angela at bridge 1. And she's an investor in Patch. And she said that in a recent meeting They did 25,000,000 in GMV last year and have 20% take rate. So 5,000,000 in revenue. And they're hoping to do 60,000,000 GMV this year. But she's sort of unsure whether this is there. And so much Small numbers. Really small numbers. For days that they did. Matt that's one data point and I think my hunch would be that a lot of the market demand is being driven by, like, tens. Or even 5. But I feel also wanted to gain more and see and not pay it with some Okay. Thank you. Very quickly, these were, like, the biggest 10 biggest rounds that happened at the beginning of this here, It's sort of a veterinary because not all of these are venture equities. Some are, like, corporate partnerships Mandel things like that. And also some of these companies are quite senior compared to the market that we look at. A lot of them were happening transfer transport Mandel Wenger, so things like geothermal and lithium and thermal storage. So, again, Matt and I put our heads together, and we're like, who would we say are the notable climate winners right now? Again, knowing it's early. Or, Norm of examples in the market that we would want 2, go after or mirror so we came up with quantumscape Matt cap in the public markets. NuScale, which is SMRs, and it's a tillion market cap. What's an SMR? Reactor. Has been a bit of a darling in the market and has helped us All. And the mean just announced the $200,000,000 loan to them Lilac Solutions is the lithium extraction company that just raised 100 and All one of all things nuclear investments to fishing company. It went public. It as an SVB with a $1,000,000,000 market cap right now, and it's sort of held up All. Grace it doesn't have any revenue, but oh, well, at Charmin Industrial, it just raised a 100,000,000,000 dollars series b. It's a biomass carbon removal company. And heirloom and KleinWorks, the deal we just awarded like, up to $600,000,000 sort of Nick Hi. All KleinWorth is It's gotten some pushback because it hasn't been scaling. We'll see. What what's interesting about this is that we have that's in several of these Yeah. Which is cool. Right? All nuclear reactors. Yep. Investing along at some past Yes. So Nick. Again, these were, like, the climate losers. So these were the top 10 biggest bankruptcies so far in 2024. Mostly happening in transport Wenger and Like, 1 was a 1. This is an EV startup. They're trying to make USV be like the machinery or the manufacturing of and Ambry was molten I saw Another one was Hyster and Play Company. Right All Hold went bankrupt? Yeah. I buy their mushrooms all the time. Running tide All also, like I remember in early Service. They're an algae company. And they are having trouble getting your algae So I was getting confused. I did did not, USV open ocean hydro power. All. Right. Yeah. And so then they were gonna try and do a bunch of other solutions to get it to work, but then the scientists logically damaging. And so a lot of scientists Albert, and issues But Yeah. And then early stage landscape map, Yeah. This is kinda like a good pass at who were the There's a lot of interesting firms here, and you can kinda see who we've told us that more with and who is more anymore with the other ones? And then there are a few firms that you're saying that we haven't put us up yet. And then, I I think, like, these these fellowship, it's not like the activist breakthrough is the are rich resources. They're Yeah. Yeah. I think we're not I think we're not spending any time there. And so I think It's a client startup, fellowship. Super duper high quality PhD level climate founders get And, Yeah. And this is just some of the know, thinking about, like, where where is it possible to do the series b's and c's for our company is those Friends, and And then and then, yeah, a lot of those just other sources of capital that you can mention to depending on a private shop that wants to be too or and, yeah, this is a Thursday, I would know, but since you guys are planning a bunch, US and the US both Be and at a lot of the areas we're investing in, but look for, right, I guess, was the recent thing that, impacted our policy over to. You know, reduced to the executive agencies. Deal. I think you're exactly right. It's unclear what the what the impact will be. I mean, the the the the ruling means that where there are statutory ambiguity, the court will defer less to regulators but I think that regulators still have a meaningful amount of difference where there's not statutory ambiguity so everything's gonna be pretty that specific. I'll be paying attention to these issues. Yeah. So I think it also doesn't it doesn't affect things like the IRA, which are Now there's to to Sam's point, there's where there's ambiguity in how that's deployed or Like, the agencies are, like, surveying you know, there. Too, which is like, yeah, if you get rolled back, from removal, getting incorporated into a compliance market, I think seller for the and then need for Norm, I think, is another one where it's like, pulling things out and could be another accelerant for companies. Cool. And then this goes into, like, so what do we do? So we've already talked about the framework for sort of so starting from we thought it'd be good to revisit our original client strategy. And so this is a combination of areas potential investment areas that we listed in our original 2020 climate fund Nick. And also just things that we've gonged about since then until the end of 2023. If it's highlighted in green, it means that we have made investment in it. If it's not highlighted, it means we pretty much have it. So the first one is networks, of demand response devices we've done that. We talked about forest monitoring solutions. Young could say NCX is 1, though I think the way that NCX is And this is probably still there is a gap for what we wanna do we talked about capital light heat pump solutions, like Block Power and Nandelion. We did a long blog post on climate adaption, and I think underweighted in our portfolio. So we talked about heat stress and cold chain. We talked about advancing food security. We talked about improving early warning systems. We've we've done that on the flood side. Scaling resilient infrastructure. Or reducing the risk climate related disruptions improving water and waste systems, has written a lot about, emerging markets, and underneath that, she called out an eagerness and offered new rules that we've done so much. Nature based carbon removal, which we've done agriculture Mandel and then food this food systems, fall underneath that. Nature based MRV, electrifying buildings, tokenized natural assets, and making energy programmable. Yeah. This is really helpful. I I think there's also probably a view of this one level up because I think if you look back at one of those, maybe not that presentation. 2020, but some other of our decks from internal decks from that vintage I think we did more of a maybe more of a comprehensive top down view of of climate This This this is really helpful because it shows So Matt put together a quick sell of all the companies In our climate portfolio, and I think we agree we would need more time to do this You know, where we think there there's more potential than less, but we did talk about or made some assumptions on whether these companies had a hard or easy time fundraising. Get this one. So I like about this is that we started to break it down into some some analysis. You know, you're doing with these kinds of, assets. Alright. Yeah. We can add those in. This felt like a hard exercise for Matt and I to independently because we don't wanna go through ourselves since I, like, USV these have worked out better than than last. So we I like the idea of having Yeah. And and I don't think I think you're you shouldn't feel, nervous to do that. Like, I think you should feel empowered to do a bit first pass. Of that and get people to react to it. And it's okay if people disagree with certain judgments our feeling really important one, and For each company, how much have you raised since a number of rounds maybe and and then maybe something around you know, random cats and dogs Okay. Well, yeah, let Matt and I do that. Between now and next week. Yeah. And so wanted to go back and refresh, like, where are the gaps. And so, basically, the top list here is is everything from here that wasn't highlighted. And then below are those areas that I think people should be chatting about, so I I won't repeat this list and then we've also added critical minerals chips, and climate fintech. Right? Great. And and this is sort of same comment here. Like, I don't think it's correct USV this list as the in that deck not as a complete framework, but just as sort of examples Yes. And so you know what I mean? Like, there are I think we should revise this Okay. Oh, oh, my man. And, yeah, totally this won't be the list But it's more of just, like, if we're trying to reach It says network surveillance response for smart mortality. We included those 3 bullets in the deck because at the moment that we made the deck, we had been looking at those 3 Yeah. So not because we thought those would 3 most important categories. They were just sort of like illustrative examples. To sort of give a a flavor of some some things we were looking at at the time. Yeah. You know? So it's it's definitely not a And so we we I can refresh that, and then we But I think, yeah, it's good to think about is is there anything missing? Here from Jax, and and something that we can take off they probably weren't in as critical as One thing that I might do for this, if you go back to, Google Slides and just search for things that were created by Hannah or Hanelle or Monet. You know, during 2020, and 2021, And then this this slide hasn't changed. And thinness light hasn't changed. So I think we wanna make sure that sort of the first couple steps All right and locked in, and we can refresh that this next week, and then we can talk about sort of where we go from there. Great. Yeah. I this is so amazing. All And I appreciate the fact that you've been kind of just checking at the way at it and improving it. I think the thing that would be really helpful for me is, like so, like, you started off with that group Right? And maybe maybe there's a framework with that that that we use instead of overseeing on slides and TV. And also it's like, here are the big categories in the market. You know, here's that outside TSB. USV USV I think trying to come up with a somewhat of a consistent subcategory framework would be really, really helpful. Of client. One solution to that is just Take sort of climate tech VCs Lauren the step with that lexicon or, like, standard lexicon. Yeah. I agree to be adopting especially if it's more or less consistent on that, I think we're seeing. This is gonna be such a gift to Albert when lose his mind. Yeah. And I I think the goal from this is, like, we'll have something like this where they're, like, 4 to 6 or whatever it is. Like, Tiles lit up. As things to go after mitigation adaptation framework and then within mitigation energy transition. It was the communication. There's energy transition. Mandel drawdown. And I think that we have. I'm this versus it, there's a slide somewhere that looks at the first time I've done broken down by energy transition kind of a lot of I kind of feel that the mitigation or stabilization framework So I'm probably more on paper using a framework like this, but at least at part of it, even for part of it. Okay. I agree. So, Fred recently asked me to take the entire history of our schedule of investments and the performance of those investments and put them into the librarian to do really simple analysis, And then in addition to that, we're starting to add like, content to each of those companies as All, like company descriptions, sectors, that sort of thing, to to see if we can advance the analysis even more. Is there anything that would be useful here Yes. So that sheet that I just put in the the that Chris put in, There's another sheet which I'm not sure if you're if you're in every day, but this is TONY maintains the sheets called portfolio. Yeah. Portfolio tracker. So Tierney gave me like, a scaled back version of the portfolio tracker just to play around with. But I also have access to the portfolio tracker as well, which we're gonna use But I was just Monday thing. Yeah. Go ahead. Mhmm. I was just saying one thing to note on the portfolio tracker is the Very cool. Yeah. Yeah. I, I am going to duplicate the portfolio tracker and start just adding more sort of content to it or metadata to it So the e and for those of much. Jamie Jamie told me a fun trick yesterday which is you have sort of 2 columns. 1 is the human description, then one is for computer consumption only. And that's when you where you just sort of dump in like, formally doing business as Norm just, like, all the random shit that that the computer will know how to parse with. They wouldn't necessarily want a human to read. Yeah. There's actually some of that in the sheet. Yeah. There is. Sheet. We USV to power the monthly dashboard of the app that we use in the money means it's reading directly from the spreadsheet. And there are some kind of computer targeted Does that mean that, in Addie now if I want like, Lauren asked me for this bio hacker that, like, what are the past health care companies. Met with Would that be, eventually auto populated? Would I still have to do that myself. Sorry. What are you asking? Like, in the deal log, we'd be able to look at all the companies we're talking to and eventually filter them by Like, this these are the crypto companies we met with. These So there's a tags field. Yeah. We're great at using it. Yeah. I was actually not getting Yeah. I have a couple of use the tags field. Yes. I'm just about it at doing it But I wanna try and get better at that. To answer your question, no. Pretty solid. Norm the fryer? Okay. At one point when we were working on this thesis last year, We did a task using a spreadsheet that was, like, something actually the best Right? And the answer is, like, thesis is a But this feel like failures. Okay. Also, All of overlay the USB style approach to Matt Wanna look at? It was a 4 month so what is our we really want to see and invest in. I I think that's just one piece that I was talking about. Yeah. Right. And the name of the client funds it just is, you know, I think for the next 2 years, while we have a client fund that's separate we may have a different answer to that question than than we might in the future where if we didn't have a separate final fund. So so and that's, you know, so that's another Yeah. We talked about doing a lessons learned slide. That I didn't include that, but I wonder when we do do the portfolio review whether there are commonalities And things that we think are outperforming that we can take away, whether that's, you know, or they have a sort of supply chain that is quite solid or I don't know. But, yeah, I would also, like, overlay that too. Are there things from the And yeah. And then I think that The the goal of this deck is to point us in direction. Right? And so Matt the moment, it's still very heavy on which is Matt order to help us understand and marketing, but the the whole purpose of this deck is so that we can all let USV Yeah. And in some cases, they might say we wanna go after this area, but we don't know what the US approach to this area is. So let's go beat a bunch of companies. In the area and, you know, that one's And USV like, let's 

Meeting Title: Weekly Climate Chat
Date: Jul 25
Meeting participants: Albert Wenger, Nick Grossman, Lauren Young, Rebecca Kaden, Stephanie Slovon, Grace Carney, Matt Mandel, All USV, Fred, Norm
Link: https://notes.granola.ai/d/e36f6ef6-ed82-40a5-8131-bad5110190c3?source=copy_link

Transcript:
 
Them: Oh, hey, Matt.  
Me: Hey. How's it going? Oh,  
Them: It's going right.  
Me: I'm on mute. Hey. How's it going? This is why I came. We had some some child issues this morning, so I'm running a little behind. I was worried that the as if Grace was gone that neither of these notetakers would show up.  
Them: Seems like they both did. Are you you're just, like, in a new Uber?  
Me: Yeah. I'll All be in the office in about 10 minutes.  
Them: Rebecca? Base is out, but we might we should give that a little bit. Andelle, I think, is right there. What's up, Karen? Hey, Matt. Hello. Hey. Ciao, Bella. How's Italy? Ciao, Bella. Hello. Hi, Sky. It's good. I went for a hike today. See if I can show my Background. It's like Maybe you can see Oh, there we go. But it's really it's great. It's very warm. But it's lovely, otherwise. Or Mike. Like, put that in Fahrenheit terms, warm, like, 100? That is definitely high nineties. Yeah. It drove throughout the day. Yeah. It's warm. Oh, not like that in New York. Is it Where in Italy are you? Is it Grace, where where are you? Italy. Wait. Where in Italy? Tuscany. Nice. Is New York rainy? Or Just kind of the Grace, overcast. Thanks. Kinda Nick kinda nice out, actually. Like, not too hot.  
Me: Today is a little cooler. High humidity.  
Them: Don't know if anybody wants to run the agenda. I was just pulling it up on the Notion. I wasn't sure if, the only 2 things that were on my mind to start were any updates on the work you guys gave me last week on that sort of the net Albert analysis deck, And then I'm not sure if there's anything if anybody's got anything, a deal wise, that they're looking Matt. No. What was the the tasks? And I'm still working on sort of, like, the market landscape piece of this. Yeah. I I there's not I I added I collated a bunch of our investors in the investor landscape But Not the topmost there. But I I can just, like, flip through our skeleton just so everyone Nick knows what we're working on. K. That'd be great. Set. Yeah. Okay. So you see this? Yep. So reading, like, the 2 parts of the climate revamp are like, a climate tech overall review, what's going on in the Carney, And then USV Matt strategy review. And so the climate tech review has 3 parts. There's investor landscape, which We think that how to don't know. What what what do you think makes this useful? This was Mandel, like, off the top of my head. We could, like, rank them by how many times we've con invested with people or bold people that get good reviews from us or I don't know. To what end, Matt? Is this just to understand what the landscape is like, or is this to kind of have a a strategic list of investors that we like working with? That we wanna be closer to to source new companies from. Yeah. Think it's a bit of both. I think it's both tactical. Like, who should we be talking to? Climate deals? To find climate deals, who should we talk be talking to USV Cronos or follow on into our climate deals? And then also, I think just some kinda, like, insight into, like, I don't know, what what is the landscape of who's doing Plamtech look like? Right. Yeah. That makes sense. I mean, I think another if we're just trying to draw a lens I think you're you're asking a little bit about how do we highlight this. So I think maybe we could do a version of that for each of these. Right? Like, I think the it's really important to help us pay attention to who we should be looking at the earliest stages. I think that's probably the most important thing. Okay. It is. And then the, like, co investors and and then the there's really another capital a category here which is, like, other big pools of important capital. Like, break breakthrough's kind of in that category or, what is the, I All always forget the name of that coalition of carbon credit buyers, Tier. Tier. You know, like, groups like that that are sort of, like, you know and I think, Once it what where it might be helpful further for the whole group is just to understand sort of, like, what's the latest on the capital kind of environment? Here, if that makes sense. Yeah. But the but I do think the most important one is who should we be paying attention to at the stages? Who's doing the most interesting stuff? Who's doing the stuff that's most you know, potentially most in our wheelhouse. Yeah. I don't know if you do this in Matt, but, like, Nick, for instance, I know you with Variant, All placeholder Mandel multi point, you kind of have these standing meetings. Some of these firms, and some of them we've invested Mandel others we're just friends with. And I know, you know, Rebecca also does this exceptionally well where she just has a finger on the All of every kinda seed stage fund. If there are earlier funds here that we feel like we have deeper relationships with or wanna organize them by investment type, like, some might just be battery investors, and others might be fire, wildfire, investors in mitigation I don't know. If it makes sense for us to kind of set up deep in our relationship to some of them and set up some standing meetings with them or, like, now we know specifically who we're always meeting with when we go to whatever city. Yes. Exactly. For what it's worth, the ones that we have, the, like, monthly calls with on crypto, are all ones where we're investors. Matt just how that is. It doesn't have to be that way. Yep. And and I think your point about Rebecca is a really good one. She's figured out she's Kaden really prioritized building relationships with a whole bunch of seed funds and to make sure that's you know, she see they know what we're looking for, and she sees everything. That comes from them. So I think that Matt figuring out a version of that in in climate is Yeah. A a important priority. Yeah. And even more explicitly, like, Rebecca, it is the choice in trial. For all these seed stage investors. Right. And and are there firms where we want to be the choice first intro as well? Great great way to put it. Yep. Yep. I have too is, when we're planning to do this climate portfolio review because another layer could be interesting here is, like, who are who do we think are, like, sort of the top performers in our fund so far? And are there seed funds that consistently come up? I don't think we have that, scheduled By the way, Young know, there's been a lot of emergent very, very early stage seed stayed climate funds, I feel like. You know, I keep talking Nick to Convective and SOPI, whatever her fund is, and I wonder how Matt more Venmo will be.  
Me: Do you wanna pull over here on the right? Like, Matt All.  
Them: I mean, At this time, it's a list. And this is, like, off the top of my head. Yeah. Exactly. I just wonder if there's, like, any emergent 
