Meeting Title: Weekly Climate Chat
Date: Aug 15
Meeting participants: Albert Wenger, Nick Grossman, Lauren Young, Rebecca Kaden, Stephanie Slovon, Grace Carney, Matt Mandel, All USV, Fred, Norm
Link: https://notes.granola.ai/d/fc62ca46-23bf-4059-b4ea-190ecff85207?source=copy_link

Transcript:
 
Me: No. This is from the tasting yesterday. And Well, super normals here. All of our AI friends are here. There are more AIs in this meeting right now than humans. We went to the this tasting with a caterer, and Poppy's does catering. Yeah. And I've gone to a Poppy's catering as well. Tasting with Lauren. And I was thinking, like, It's just like this brand of generic catered food that's, like, healthy and good. But not, like, mind blowing. Right. It's just one notch. Hello? But I don't have time for breakfast, and I've remembered that I had this in the fridge. But, yeah, it does look like puppies. Hello? We're now even. 3 humans and 3 AIs in this meeting. Humans are no longer at a number Yeah. It's just us 2 here right now. Yeah. It's been pretty quiet. Yeah. It's been a quiet week. So there's No. No. I haven't taken off yet. So you're gonna miss a little 11. I apparently, apparently, you can stream on the Wi Fi, so I'm gonna try to dial it, but Alright. You might be able to listen in. There's no way you're gonna Conference attendee. Right. Yes. What airlines? Yes. I think that was okay. That's super hot. It's Gary Hazy here. Apparently, wildfires are In terms of client stuff, I guess we have to talk about. And then, Nick, you were Your last We added that taxonomy So this is sort of Then we highlighted it by everything that Done. Invested in. Since we 1. And then overlaid, like, basically stuff in blue. Which we feel is where where we have areas of I think this is a cleaner way to show By the way, Nick, in case you're curious, I took these from Grace in doing the taxonomy on the climate Yeah. And because we So Yeah. Like, for instance, you want we've been look we've looked at for micromobility. Not The, the energy transition Yes. I would say that's energy transition. I'm just thinking about other ways to overlay that Your It felt like it would be difficult think drawdown is really just apartments. Like carbon removal and carbon storage. Yeah. And most of this is energy Transition. And then maybe adaptation, like, alternative protein. Platforms, I would say, is Right. But I it's Maybe the thing to do would be another if you wanted to And navigation maybe a little bit smaller. That might be Okay. So Yeah. But I like having this Yes. Yeah. That's great. And then This piece and then also towards and so what? You know? I like that this in it is the second slide, but just a reminder that the goal is to directions that we can go explore further. And so and maybe one there it feels like there's 1 more step we need to do from here towards you know, Right. Yeah. Well, fantastic. Because I know you've been All a really broad portfolio, and I think we're gonna keep pushing I think it's mistake is that their portfolio is too narrow. And so, you know, it's like, the last thing you wanna be is right a headline thesis parts of it, you know. Well, so well, that's interesting. Are areas where look at all the greater so we'll look at every area anywhere. One that covers solar and climate. So It's called. And they're growing very rapidly. Now in the past, we've had our either calls about accessibility of the refinance. All Odysee. That he lives in Dallas. I'm not sure I'm going to Delhi. It's something that and, So But the Alright. I'm gonna send you an email now. Not sure. He was in the office Great. One other thing we talked about last week was being conference and looking at categories that we feel like, have been underinvested in recently or sort of, like, past their hype cycle. And we did that work a little bit here But granted, this isn't that granular. And so I brought up last week that the taxonomy I got this from was which is that for a planet. And one idea could be if if I've been I got a demo of the products, But, one idea, I would guess try and get a free trial anyway just in seeing that. But it would be interesting if we could just dig into, like, levels of funding. In each of these categories and to also see like, are there any spots here that are you know, particularly post cycle. But I think that would be an extra layer. I mean, my my my issue with these things is that they really are in many ways, a spread perspective. Young know? It's like We learned what has happened. Yeah. And and so go through each of these things in here and be, like, okay. Why have we done nothing in this You know, and that's to me, I think, is and and then, like, how do we find companies that and that may be a personal investor in that company. Knowing if your taxic goal is understanding we already have the relevant data for that. Meaning, I mean, I don't know that we need to get more fine grade. They published a pretty big report, which So Yeah. It has enough. I I think it is a Well, we, yeah, we can definitely, do that exercise. Next week. Didn't start, and then we oriented wearable for industrial workers. That we've talked about heat and allocation in the form of The key So Yeah. Like, climate fintech, I added on Yeah. And and that's kind of a horizontal Potentially a horizontal category. Or maybe it's just a, like, So, like, the the one applied to industry, what What, Dan Roslyn is trying to do with Ezra is, like, I'm a fintech applied to No. I understand. Yeah. So it's good. So we just need to make sure we that that he software and and fintech. But this some of these categories do feel big. And I think they have a much do it. Yes. And we'd like Deepgram slash, like, Okay. Dave defined it as the data intelligence and risk. Associated with the changing Right. Did they talk about financing here? On their account? This is Right. Not really. They talk about people financing. Layer to this, which is, like, horizontal I know. It's good, though. They're helpful for analyzing the world. Humans have been making them for a long time. Well, actually, Matt and Dale, do you still honor and you Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Thoughts from you on the globe? Like, that would kinda, like, guarantee the isality. I think that's just And, like, I think where that doesn't come up in conversations with the customers is in the dark, did you get it? Yeah. There's still, like, 2¢. And, Hannah, I think it's not even mitigated people it it makes sense. A 100% been sort of hand waving for the anything that approaches, traditional credit, value. Right? You know? It was Yeah. That were 4 megawatt hours. Like, I couldn't make those two numbers, like, I I I think the math is one credit or half a megawatt hour is fine. Of emissions on average on the grid. It produced 50 tons of bar, right, 50 credits. Go to cool dot org. Yeah. 51.51 times Does that does that I think 50 1 tons produced would be, like, a 100 megawatt hours of running. I think the thing that's confusing to me is that if you watch us talk or read the So you know, $205100 a time, which as we know, really varies. And then we push on why our buyer why would buyers value these credits this way? You know, based on how smart buyers value credits, It's been kind of credits. Aren't haven't gotten to that yet. Like credit is good, and I'm super sure about that, then, like, I don't know. We see that there's Yes. That's right. So I am my prediction that He struggles to explain it on this call the same way that But but my prediction is that I also wanna make sure that we're not Yeah. Is there, Grace, would you mind pulling up the Is there anything like, coming back to flow Done is a, alternative that I had one good conversation with them. They're planning to raise and we said we'd catch up this summer and learn So We'll we'll see if we can get ahold of them. Matt I think this this is a good to have a slide for each of these categories where we can look at, like, what have we done? What haven't we done? What do we see as the big opportunity in this category. And then because a bunch We're, like, kinda interested and then we get closer to it, and we're like, hard to convince and maybe we should just stop looking at these things or maybe we should try that. That's articulate what we think we're looking for here better. Yeah. Yeah. Not necessarily for every single subcategory, but the ones where we feel like we I think 2 would be a good one Yeah. I feel really confused about it. Personally because it it I think it's a big category It drives a lot use a lot of and keep running into roadblocks like people started eating meat That look quite good. Is not All So I think there's real progress here, and I think it's just a question of I agree with that too. We looked at that chicken company in, Yes. Alright. Did anyone this was this as it relates to food, did anyone read the consumer trends report that Fred sent around a couple weeks ago. I I didn't know. Was there was an interesting section in there around GLP ones. And changing consumer behavior as a result of GLP ones. And one of the things in there was a desire from people who were taking GLP ones to spend more money on higher quality foods and because they're eating less foods, and I I I'm not sure exactly what to make of that, but I feel like there's something relevant there for Is it beef already the most expensive version of beef? No. No. I'm I'm saying there could just be a more premium beef. Or because Of real beef. You can So so I mean, there are many premium versus Right. Right. So But it But be because I'm eating less food, I can my dollars across less items. Right. And you can buy higher quality items I mean, I believe that that is for sure. It's funny because most of the food that's just like still too much of a I think it's definitely a first world problem. And I think cattle consumption is probably going to go up as nations get wealthier, and it's gonna be a while till those nations need GLP ones. Yeah. There's that too. So, what I would love to do, Coming back to the beginning of this, conversation is can we take that list and put it in a different format or not in a, game of chess instead Okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. I've already started something like here where we split out all our investments And to Albert, are you looking for We can start to formulate why do you get away or why we're not looking 4 Yes. The This is one where we and go to the market map section which is a view on the left under lists. And then Battery storage. Yeah. There's I mean, this is not talk to. Yeah. I agree. If we're doing those for separate slides, each of the categories, Yes. Exactly. It's so wild that we're still at this point where, like, our knowledge is like, at our fingertips. You know, what we've talked about, what we've looked at, what we've spoken to from x, y, z, and sort of this on you know, transportation and just we didn't update this here. I don't know. I I heard an email. It's just weird that it's so still so clunky and manual. And disconnected. You know, part of the reason for that, I think, is just that we also have 20 years of of history, And that if you're starting did. Of used very well. But but Honestly, And so I'm not I I have been more on the side that the system has to respond to people versus people have to be trained to use the system. I Because Yeah. Where imagine you ask For us, Okay. Great. Matt, I can maybe a more informed conversation her section of that deck you know, about okay for parent patient when we looked at when are we You know, I think did the previous to that conversation bring section exciting part of this. Yeah. The natural, segue for deep end where else And project that is What? Can spend some time on that, especially now that we've in looking at glow just wanna make sure we can do And is this something that Helium wants? Like, Helium launches the energy network, or is this a third party that can stay out and Yeah. So the healing is structured now is If you wanna if you can launch something called a sub network or sub gap, And, there are to look at that and make sure Yeah. Fine. That'd be great. And then we can make a content team and Yeah. This is just a category that I feel like we're uniquely or at least at least see clearly. So I really Yes. Yeah, 
