Transcript:
 
Me: I want to, get around to, Graphic charting, the lower temperature. So I may ask, Elliott to have one of the line workers That, makes the stores more severe. Trying to avoid that area and the Caribbean because of the volatility in weather and unpredictability as well. Yeah. I mean, the Caribbean, obviously, has been home to whatever it is. So, my friend, DHL, took Frodeck to Ibiza. So, yeah, it's kind of, But, but these kind of fixed stars, there's gonna be more and more of a that's just the for crying time. Boat insurance. We got our insurance for all of this. While we were already a day and a half into the new work remuneration. The insurance thing I find sorry for hijacking this conversation. Adaptation. Yeah. What is the insurance guy is quite fascinating. Because I mean, I have a bunch of friends who moved to Miami. My own insurance know, here even in the city, has steadily rouched it up My understanding is largely because insurance companies here ratchet everything up. To compensate for bone damage in areas that are prone to whatever. Flood fire, etcetera, for our underwriting as appropriately. You have things like boat insurance. You have Allcoast, North Carolina. With homes now falling into the ocean. Like, what what is the future of insurance? Well, what's interesting is that in the state of Florida, withdrawn entirely And, pretty much the only carrier right in the insurance Citizens is, in fact, funded by the Alright. And, and there's this big question also around whether underwriters will continue to underwrite municipal bond issues And when that happens, then Florida is really problematic. So I mean, we had looked at insurance, looked at a couple of parametric insurance But I I I guess, personally, I'm very skeptical of this approach because I just think that we don't really know the the risks here. I think they're worried about that here. I mean, does insurance just go away? Well, I think what's gonna happen is is that the state is gonna step up more So So, yeah, forerunner is is in this business. Because Forerunner serves communities that are covered by the National Flood Insurance, Program, and there's another Program that routes but one of the things that These Says that there's to to to not have market rate market rates hit because Most protected is what they call head of loss. These are the homes that have had 1 on 1 incident. Don't want the actual hazard data to be disclosed because they don't want Is he has to tell us about Glow. I don't feel good. Are you are you a pizza? No. Take care of yourself. That sucks. No. Yeah. I'm gonna take a break. We we can get rid of that. We will doing the assignment deck is less, So where should we start? One, interesting how many hour night out with this called the medicine. For solar in rural India. So they will finance the, they finance the and then if, if you don't pay, they just turn them off. Just kinda, like, And, turning, like, microenterprise for all small, And, yeah, strong, strong team actually knew y plus He is I've met a guy. Nick, or not. One of the reason Why don't you send the deck around for a screen share and show the growth chart? Have that. Do you, do you This came in, from Yeah. Sorry. I'm forwarding the deck to Calabrio right now. To I have a screen share for a second. Let me show the key chart here. So, you can see here Is a is a project Okay. And, and one of the things that they're really interested in ongoing revenue stream for lease. On their IoT system that allows them to turn it off. Overburdening. All I All At the time of that, they were making a big change in and, I wasn't very much is Young just mentioned Yeah. Yeah. And we're also gonna talk to to the cofounder of ISB who is Yeah. So today I have to, well, shift in Egypt. I have a personal investment, in a company That, started out with decentralized solar, but then turned into a finance All And, I followed the search for All off grid. So we're, pretty close to it. Gemma Atlantic I kinda work in the United Kingdom of Africa. Just because you've got, like, one huge market. So that's one. Another that we've mentioned before is This is the developer company. That partners with companies and, takes over the developer role for them. And all that kind of stuff. And to do it well and not And the what what we wanted to do is to kinda build and say we're just having a meeting with our portfolio So we connected them to Kevin and Josh. Also, Yeah. This has been long brewing. Yeah. Jones That come in the patient once. Right? Did he miss the whole group or no? No. Alright. No. Real starting the company talk through different mean, he's saying nothing about persistent is good. It's good. Yeah. Can you send the website? And then, Yeah. So we we feel software simulation materials discovery company is that are trying to get at the, you know, minerals gap and just the the resource gap in the energy transition, from the intuition that, like, oh, we're good at Yeah. Got great compute. Let's just grow. You have a small problem. And find more running materials, more easily than sized or cheaper materials. That can replace the you know, rare expensive, whatever ones. And I think we're suspicious of all those. Then didn't have, like, partners to match. And then, this company came through, and their my bosses are just In order to get perspective, 1, you know, which potential foundation materials you just have to do high throughput, synthesis and characterization and It actually Yes. Is you're actually building a dataset of you know, where Yeah. They burn it in reality. You know, they've had a nano level to Like, when you kick yourself at the nano level, the noise gets you scale up, and that's kinda like the hard part. But this, in this thing, because they're starting deep traversed in silico build a much more like predictive, first characterization set. It seems to be borne out in the fact that they have a lead candidate that they've What does it the the high throughput look like? Does it just like a lot like a board, I guess. And they there's, like, clogged down tiny, you know, nanoscale measures of And so, like, the intuition you said is, like, okay, and kinda, like, difference Combinations of those and you can maybe not just, like, the mixture golden nickel, but also, like, you know, other properties of, like, the the structure of material and everything like that across the thing. It was more of that just like getting very fine such that you're, like, 1,000,000 of them on a small surface area. And then you also characterize those And the goal being that you're you'll come up with a novel structure of Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, you know, you can be, like, a genius chemist and just come up with this in your brain. Or just try everything and play something should work. And when you, like, get kind of get, you know, kinda like, it'll release you, like, okay, these things seem to work better. Let's, like, do more like them. And I think they announced fluorocarbon. We're trying to raise serious the extension and they were biotechnology. Please And they similarly had, like, a lab where they would test a bunch of stuff. But they emphasize that they were trying to be more of, like, the data layers. There. And then they would speak to these pharma companies Like, figure out what characteristics they wanted these organisms to have and it was tests. Yep. But think they just got to products fast enough to sell them fast enough to give themselves one way. Like, it it just I think there's, like, a pacing. Fumbled. If there are any insights from that. Well, I I think one really lesson from faculty, which is I think, a, like, hypothesis that you shared is, like, being the data layer just, like, doing heavier business speed is not a great business. So we're leading innovating Yeah. People. Market for this. And so this company is doing they're opinionated. They they said, like, We believe Iridium is a problem in electrolyzer design and development. Then once we find that, we're gonna go park it. To different people. Who hear But, like, we're gonna have a scene that's valuable and will kinda, like, get different parties to be against each other to bid for it. Not just go to different parties who could want to work And I think, like, going slightly more full stack is worth the Yeah. And oxalate farming. And that's, like, incredibly excruciating all these Yeah. Right. It goes to get a claim right, Mark. There's people actually feel Wait. The burn a bit and, like, Yeah. It's I I I really like the lab approach this company, and I said, to see it go. But I like I think this is a a better approach It takes the good of what Yeah. Yeah. It is interesting. So, we're trying to do some more background building just on the kind of materials. World and then Jared, if you're up right all the time. For for us, the the CEO. Did we ever get a, response on that Yes. Albert connected a about an introduction to So he's on vacation. Sydney. I I said, Ali, in a conversation the other day, And like, it came on my customer as a, like and then it as All No. No. It's it's not it's not one of the either. It's just like the British pronounce it algae, Americans typically say algae. Yes. That's a very hard stat as far as But, otherwise, The only thing I was gonna say, Al, we haven't talked about yet, but Mona sent through that personal cooling Mona's basically looking at a company, which is, it's a silicon layered patch that can stick onto your body almost like a large Band Aid. And it apparently cools your body for a while. In that area, but it's good. I think I know. I think I am a little it's very early And I think it's something that makes me a little I think it sounds interesting that these Like, when I was in Italy this summer, everyone was just carrying around those plastic fans for me. I something that may feel a little skeptical is, like, in a best case, scenario, maybe you become, like, the cortex of personal cooling. But it is still successful, but maybe like, more difficult case, you become, like, the Johnson and Johnson band aid where, like, you come out first, You have the OG. Material it works within everyone else So So think it's an interesting idea, but it it definitely falls into But I just thought it came up, so I might as well mention Did we also look at a wearables company for people who were working in, like, the Middle East had, like, oil production rigs or something that were super simple and very high temperatures. They would somebody send this around. Right. Yeah. Yeah. For, You know, we we talked briefly when we talked about the guys I'm not sure that personal bullying right to me. Should we our, you know, data feed Love. Yeah. Yeah. And and and his whole you know, Exactly. Yeah. I, closing using Yeah. I I I sort of feel like he has unjust dollars in All And then I've talked on and off to the, founder of, Bay Sunset This is the they're they're already on California Center. Yeah. As one must be to pursue this. There was, an episode what was the there was an Apple TV show about climate change, recently. It was, like, a 7 part Thanks. Fiction. I so I I I do think that Stratolite's Columbia, you know, the brightest beer not as So but one idea is 2. Look at somebody I mean, I I Yeah. Yes. It's probably how to measure But maybe it's just worth because I think it's going to happen. Yeah. Yeah. And and and maybe this is one of those areas where All customers are just governance. And nation states. As opposed to Because it's not a localized impact if global. Yeah. I mean, understanding the impact of where it will happen Yeah. I need to take a group by right now to be I That's curious from medicine. Yeah. My understanding of the payment model is that it works because for, consumer and they can't really get on otherwise. So it's really powerful. Is critical to the business they're operating. But maybe maybe an alternative now something. I think probably the biggest or or my and the aspiration is that the payments work actually less than the awesome diesel. And so it really depends on operating your higher mill, powerful, weird thing But I I was more sincere. So, like, finance on panels. You know, PayJoy, like, the the lock mechanism from a PayJoy loan isn't necessarily that complex or novel anymore. And I think a lot of the carriers were trying to replicate it and pay Joy's still been able to build a pretty big business. So it might be worth inquiring as to why Yeah. That's a Russian. One time thing I feel like none of the partners have bought in. Like, I've almost kind had Jared like Just I'm I'm Yeah. But I bet, like, our wouldn't be surprised. Like, there's no way our lunch For who buy budget yeah. There's no way our lunch budget or annual lunch budget is less than a pitch book subscription. Yeah. Represent. Yeah. OneDrive for for value, though. But Bunch? Also, what was I gonna say? Oh, well, you're up to, like, 1 AM last night. Yeah. Who designed it? Me. I I currently designed it. I just added these people of color bars with the emoji. My guess is we're spending 2 x minimum on lunch. What a pitch book subscription is. What do you guys like 400 But it's more like 10 people. Like, if you pay a week, I also think I also think people spend more than $20 Not everyone, but some people do. I'm definitely snoop on people's orders. Yeah. Exactly. So That that that was basically my math was $20 person per day. And so conservatively and I think pitch book is 40 k. So, like, we could cut that lunch to 3 days a week, which would be fine as nobody's in the office. 5 days a week anyway. And I bet we could use that to cover pitch book. Honestly, me too, but I'm not an analyst. Oh, yeah. Yeah. 
