Transcript:

Me: Is that a YC company?  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. That's Nick. Keep up. Hello? Yeah. She's got a kick. Woah. What's up? Grace, you stepped up this deck. Oh, yeah. I added a consulting a consulting slip. Oh, it's so clear what the matte slides are, what the gray slide is. Matt and I made a very short rough deck, for this climate All. That's so funny. Were for what clinic, Conk? This this very climate call. Oh, yeah? Wasn't it? Pat, do you wanna share? I can share. I can I can pull up? Alright. It's just a conversation starter. But we were just saying yesterday how it feels Matt we need to refocus, like, where we wanna double down Nick Matt. Yep. And so our initial framework for doing that is basically like, 3 lenses. Like, what are the gaps in our portfolio that we want to fill Matt we haven't Yep. We're Nick excited, and then what feels like it's pieces lined. Or at the edge. Yep. If we if we overlap those three things, the goal would be To pick out a couple sweet spots that we can do work on the rest of the summer, like, early All. And try and get some more, like, concrete subthesies. Out. What's this? Young did Matt. And just came up with, like, so so we basically made a list for each of these 3 circles. So the next list is Nick gaps. In the portfolio. So Matt and I were jamming on this, and we came up with critical minerals food and ag, methane, wildfire, carbon storage, carbon sequestration, biochar, chips, sort of climate related and then I think if you get lower, like, maybe things get lower priority, but, we Carney talking about sort of, like, urban cities renters, apartments, like, Matt mentioned the local law 97. Like, are there opportunities in Matt? To invest in? For, like, build environment? All, right. How like, sort of Looks like energy usage. Right? Or sort of yeah. Building on electrification. Okay. Yeah. And then the last one, I just saw a company the other day that's doing a plat AI platform to connect start ups with grant making institutions. So helping climate tech startups access grants file grants. So, like, maybe there's, like, an enablement layer piece of this where you've made enough investment to have an understanding. Of sort of what our founders need as support. Matt a good question. It was up in it was in an AI newsletter. I'll I'll find that out.  
Me: There were a bunch of AI grant writers, I remember, in the last class.  
Them: Checks out. Let's see. What about transportation? Feel like that's still a gap in our in our portfolio. Kind of. Yeah. Huge. And I wonder it's somehow this so this is really good, but it also feels a I don't know what what the right word is. Like, a little bit incomplete or maybe a little bit, like, scattershot or something. Like, I feel like Yeah. Yeah. Definitely is. Right. That's a very fair objection. This was, like, we talked about this yesterday, and now we're trying to get some feedback now. Yeah. I don't mean it as as as a criticism at all. I just I I think, like okay. Maybe here's another way of saying it. This gaps of analysis, which I think is really good, a couple ways we can look at that are when we set out to do the climate fund, what what did we say was our framework that we were gonna cover? Did we cover Did we cover it? If we look at what are some other top down basically, what are the top down frameworks? That we could look at to identify gaps? And Okay. One is, like, how we started the fund. A second one would be maybe biggest categories of issues in it. Let's Yeah. You know, it's like, are these I think there are these sort of charts out there that Carney, like, here are all the problems, basically. Yeah. And I think this section of this analysis is benefit from some top down approach. Exactly. Yeah. It's good. And I don't disagree with any of these gap categories because I think these are the ones that we sort of talk Albert. Yep. But I'm I'm worried about I feel like they're they're they're probably blind spots. Yeah. I also have the idea of, like, looking at some of the most recent climate tech funding news. And overlay, like, what are these Grace? Are Yeah. Overfunded? What feels underfunded? Like, what are people overlooking more broadly? I like that. Yeah. That's another good top like, another good Yep. Like, who's done a good climate market Matt? For instance? And could we use that as another Young know, lens. Yeah. Yeah. Seed. Right. Here we go. Yeah. Seed seed funding, categories, etcetera. Alright. But just at a at a high level though, I think this this, like, 3 part lens that you're doing here is, like, exactly right. Sort of top down, what are the Grace? Yeah. What are people like, what do we mean by at the edge? And then what are we who do people actually excited about? Because I think that's Nick that's a critically important one, and Young know? And just a really important one. So Yeah. So we should talk about Matt. Because I I kinda think, like, we can make this list doesn't really matter if it's not grounded in 100%. Yeah. Well, I think this this list the first list does matter because maybe we should be more excited about some of these categories, and we just don't know it yet. You know what I mean? Yeah. That's always a dance, though. I don't know. It's hard to beat people over the head and be like, you should be excited about Nick. Because sometimes Matt the end of the day, it's just like, Yeah. So I'm totally fine doing that. It won't be us, and that's okay. Right. Totally. But but but within here, I I do think it's it's possible that there's, like, a Yeah. Yeah. Matt subcategory that someone was like, oh, interesting. I hadn't really thought about that. I do really like that. You know, that kind of thing. Right. And may maybe we could have, like, a like, a light pitch for each or something Granola in the framework. Right. Right. Why is this big? Why is this interesting? Why is it important? Why is it exciting? Yeah. Right. Right. A little bit of the gaps analysis is it is kind of a a pitch for, like, Why spend time on this? Why why spend time on why be excited about it? Young know? Yeah. Right. Alright. Amazing. And this is just what we feel like in these meetings people are gravitating towards. Rebecca that I see a total of her chips. Nick, you and I booked a All couple food ag and and Matt All well. Yep. Jared loves minerals. Albert expressed interest in us doing more and we think also Jared actually mentioned wildfire software yesterday. Matt another Yeah. I'm also interest I'm interested in, like, urban infrastructure. So you know, Hazard Nick planning, you know, like like like electrification Kaden home stuff. I don't know. I think that I I think we could build out a good list things that people are interested in here. We could also ask the librarian what it thinks. There you go. Sorry for the opening and closing. No. It's fine. Leave it open if you wanna type in it. You don't need Matt doesn't need to be, like, Oh, okay. That's this is fine. Alright. Yeah. So I guess we need more people's inputs there, but Yeah. I might flip this slide. And start with the person, and then and then There. You know, like, list out some some things that that each person might be interested in. Albert, everything. Science. We're also seeing Fred, also, I think could get into, like, apartment Yeah. For sure. Real estate. Right? He Fred has a is a is a deep knowledge of real estate. So anything touching real estate industry, he knows a lot Albert. It means he's also skeptical about a lot of Yeah. Things, but that's good. Yep. My solar panels got approved. That is I'm sorry. 9 months. Oh my god. I cannot wait to turn them on. I'm so excited. It is I've been emailing them Mona Lee team, like, twice a week, angry emails for the last 6 months. So horrible. It's not really their fault. It's, like, they're they've been waiting on them electrical inspector and the Yeah. The utility or whatever, but, like, They're their communication and follow-up is weak. Because I have to keep like, nagging them. Headings. Yeah. Kaden. Right. Brad is interested in, electrification, battery networks, Like, energy markets, things like you know, he's he's interested in in in, yeah, energy markets, and slash networks. Yeah. Alright. Is good. I think and I think This you should go and ask each of each of these people what they're excited about too. Yeah. Don't necessarily pigeonhole anybody or make it seem like other people aren't interested in those things, or I don't know. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. But okay. What's interesting for me about food is I don't know that I'm interested in it. Like, I keep looking at these food things, and then we keep not liking them. And I keep wanting to find one that I like but I but I'm I have for me, it's a big question mark about whether there's something for us. Anything there. Yeah. Yeah. I I I think that's being like, being interested isn't, like, you're pre committing to doing something. It's just, like, you want to be seeing things that Wenger have you been spending time? What are you looking at? Right? I met another company 2 days ago that's doing regenerative ag. And they're basically connecting landowners with land stewards. So sort of like a marketplace network Wenger, like, Albert has a farm he needs people to help steward it, return the soil health back to normal. And so they're building, like, a network marketplace for that. It's crazy early, like, precedes, so definitely not for us. But don't know. Every now and then, I feel like we're getting warmer. Or I see things that feel more Right. What we did best. So I like the idea of keeping it open and trying to refine what it is we would get excited about if Matt all. I like that. One other lens we could look at here is, like, what's happening in the market. I don't know. This doesn't fit into your 3 circles approach, but I think it might be good to refresh everybody on, like, Like, what are the breakout climate companies? Oh, yeah. Young know, what are the ones that have Young know? Seemed to break out and then fizzled. You know, what categories are hot? What what categories are I don't know. I'm not sure what else to how else to describe. Matt. That's smart. Yeah. Yeah. We had an interesting call with Angela from version 1 a week ago, and she was saying that Matt struggling. Because the voluntary carbon market is just so tight right now. Like, yeah, that would be a great idea. Right. What's breaking out? What's struggling? Right. Yeah. Patch is a great example. And it doesn't necessarily have to be what broke out and then fizzle. May maybe just, like, what's what's struggling or I don't know. But I think I wanna What if we Matt land. Yeah. Yeah. When were you guys here when we gotta look at there's a look at doing something in patch at, like, 3 or 3 or 400, Young know, like, dollar valuation. I think Matt we weren't here, but that's USV. Hi. What was did we get to the last slide already? What was No. Then that's Oh, actually, Thinking about each of those markets, like, what does a what what's the a USV style investment in there look like? This is helpful. I I think we actually have a good amount of clarity on these 2. Like, think Kaden, possibly have a good sense of what we'd be excited to see I think Rebecca has an increasingly clear sense of what she's looking for in chips. And I think beyond that, we don't really have any, PCs. What it you know, Brad expressed a bunch of skepticism the other day about you know, in the hardware call about about chips, as an example of something like, maybe we don't know anything about this. Yep. How do you how do you feel about Matt, and I a little bit think it's, like, undue modesty or or it also depends, like, what kinds of chips. So a couple of things Rebecca and I looked at are, like, we are the 1st company to ever do this. We are you know, there was a paper in the 19 And we're the people to implement it. Right. I our edge is definitely not, like, is this technically feasible? I think something like efficient computer who probably got caught up in a lot of technical vocabulary, but, fundamentally, like, if you believe that they've implemented it, then maybe we'd have to do some work to understand, like, have they implemented it. Then they're at the phase where it's just, like, commercialization. I actually think, like, thinking about go to market for something like that is like, well within our wheelhouse. No. Yeah. And there's there we've done a lot a lot of things Wenger Matt technology itself is way above our heads. Right? Right. Yeah. And certainly in the crypto sector, And and so that were actually wasn't really my question about chips. It was more about what I was hearing from Brad was more about, like, manufacturing and, like, the sort of business model and, you know, go to market. Think Matt they're Like, I don't know. Kind of is all just Go to yeah. I mean, I don't know. Like, the the business model is it's totally fabulous. You pay someone to to you know, make them, and then you have to go figure out customers And and maybe that's all we need to know. Right? And and I think so like, Maybe not, but it's not, like, so obviously to me, that actually looks a lot more like a USB investment than, like, Olydean kind of thing Wenger it's like Oh, for sure. Always, like, For sure. Because it's hardware as product as opposed to, physical infrastructure. Yeah. Yeah. So I I I don't know. I don't have, like, think that there are good arguments, like, is that where value will accrue in the stack? Should we be playing the software layer because, you know, it's more horse like, think those are good questions, but I don't think we should, like, a priori count out Really, that that's my take. I I like that. It's, also it it same thing comes up with things like mining. Like, You know, the For, like, Impossible Metals, you know, that to me that brings up a whole bunch of questions. Like, that are all hard questions different one is, like, think the most important one was, is this gonna be possible in the next, like, 10 years? Or is there, like, geopolitical Nick you know, waiting that has to happen? I think that was a big one. But also, to, like, how do we feel about a company that you know, has a fleet of ships with, like, big heavy cranes and robots on it. I think with there are lots of questions to go into at Edge in all in in a lot of these categories. But I All think, like, I don't know. Like, again, I don't think it's, like, a pre commitment to do something. I think it's, like, these are the kinds of deals that we, like, wanna be asking those questions. Absolutely. Yes. Well and I think the answer is, like, the or the the key question is is is what you have at the top of the slide, which is how do we do each of these in a USB way? Yep. Like, is there is there a USB Kaden, and how how do we find it? Yeah. I think the work we've done on chips seems critical minerals are, like, really good examples of once we do the work preceding this and figure out what, like, the sweet spots we wanna go after are. Are great examples of what we can build out for a couple more areas. Jared, the the context here is we're trying to do, like, a revamp of our climate thesis and what we should be spending time on. We're trying to find the intersection of what's, like, a genuine gap in the portfolio, Where is their excitement from partner or the team? And then how do we do some Matt the impact on the edge? We have you in for, Wildfire and Critical Minerals. And heat don't forget don't forget heat pumps. And heat pumps. Well, you know, one one thing that I am particularly interested in And I don't know if these are climate companies or if these are core fund companies. Are more of, like, these marketplaces and kind of web application enabled companies that would things like accelerate. You know? The, energy transition for individual homeowners. And I know we've kind of looked at a lot of these companies, and they're somewhat not We have Matt of them are venture packable. Or companies like you know, Upland, which is, like, a marketplace for ebikes and other micro you know, electrified micromobility things. And, like, there's a climate twist there, but they could be core funds companies as well. And I I suppose know? Of the questions I have is, are those private fund companies, or are they core fund companies? But it is an area of interest for Right. It's like what marketplaces emerged around this? That could help accelerate the energy transition. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. It's great. My instinct would be to if we find things we like that are like that, to put them in the Matt fund right now as opposed to in the core fund. And I think there's likely a whole bunch of things that are sort of like that. Young know, Odysee could extend it somewhat like this as well. Yeah. Yeah. The Odyssey I think the way to think about Odyssey is more like a Fintech company, like a Yeah. You know? And they're They're they're, like, doing lending, really. They're but, anyway, yes. I yes. That that is a good example. Yeah. Cool. And I see there's a positive Matt, actually, there's some things that are boring And as And then I think that's a good thing. I think so too. Yeah. Jared, did did you did we leave SkyVin on good terms? Speaking of Very. Very. Very. So Yeah. By the way, they like us. They haven't finished their a, and if we ever wanted to go back them and say, hey, we'll round things Matt, I'm sure we would be able to. Interesting. So I I don't know that we wanna do that, but, Albert and I have been talking to people exploring this, like, super developer concept for, like, I don't know, basically since I joined. Some kinda, like, horizontal developer to go help all these startups that don't know how to develop things. So develop them. I was thinking skiving could actually be an interesting intro for them. So no nothing to do now, but I might come back to you and ask to connect them. Yeah. They would love that. Yeah. Another not to make more work for this. Deck, but I think it's a really good Nick. Like, in the opening section section 2 is, like, what's happening in the market. I think another thing to add to this is, like, Policy implications, tailwinds, headwinds. So, like, Yeah. Sure. What happens if Trump wins? Young know, implications for the IRA, funding, like, I don't know. I'm not sure there's a way to necessarily decide on how to play that right now, but I do think it's Yeah. Some a piece we should look at. Matt. I had a really interesting conversation with a Matt. EPC guy, he's just been, like, building Projects. Infrastructure projects for 30 years. And he said in a presidential election year, things always slow down in the spring summer. With regulatory uncertainty. And is is easy? This is the 1st year that he's seen where it hasn't slowed down. Nick what sector? Is it general construction, like industrial construction? EPC stuff. This guy's all doing a lot of I met him, like, in a climate context. But, yeah, just like a general EPC. Mhmm. And so his Grace is, like, you know and I think this is Albert's state too is, like, a Trump administration doesn't roll back subsidies. It just subsidizes more stuff, which it might not be good for Beep. Environment in Wenger. But, I think wouldn't be an impact. It's interesting. You think, like, right, Trump will spend. Yeah. Right? Right. We'll certainly subsidize the shit out of everything Elon does now.  
Me: Do you see Elon was tweeting, I think, yesterday about carbon taxes.  
Them: Really? What do you say?  
Me: Just that they're good. When done well.  
Them: Well, it's the most obvious  
Me: I'm trying  
Them: correct approach Mhmm. I think.  
Me: I I I just thought the timing was really kinda  
Them: I Yeah. That's fascinating. Yeah. I guess it would be very good for Tesla. Matt they came through. Self.  
Me: God, he just tweets so much. It's hard to find.  
Them: What is the February tweet in?  
Me: Oh, it was February?  
Them: I don't know. Only action you need to solve climate change is Carney tax.  
Me: Maybe someone just retweeted  
Them: That's sort of self serving. Of course. Yeah. But All not not true. But but totally correct. Yeah. That's the other, Venn diagram intro you know, correct self serving.  
Me: No. This February 1 is different. I see it. I'll I'll try to find it.  
Them: Jared, what was the not to get too specific, what was the what what's your interest in Wildfire? Or what was the company that brought it up? Well, I I just I sent one to Grace, yesterday, And part of it is that I've I've started reading a book about it. Mhmm. Forget what it's called, but it's the one about the wildfires from whenever it was 2021 in Canada and Albert. It's really good. And then I think another piece of it is I just think there's like, floods. There will be tailwinds here. Yeah. Shit is burning. People need to map. Yeah. They lose billions and billions and billions of dollars every time there's a wildfire. There there's just I it feels to me like there will be natural product market fit around a lot of these products around floods and fires. Agree. Question is, what's the USB style approach here? Right. We Matt, I I spent a little bit of time with this company, Pano, which is like an AI based wildfire detection network, pano.ai. Yeah. There they're gonna raise a pretty big series b, I think. Yeah. It's a I think a tough fit for the Matt fund. Maybe, but Matt founder And the one of the challenges here well, maybe it's a challenge. Maybe it isn't. The original go to market was to utilities. But really because they need to get these things, you know, strung up on utilities are Carney an obvious customer. Right? Yep. But it's actually anybody that has a lot of land. They're getting these things installed in in ski mount ski resorts and other places. Yeah. Makes a lot of sense. It's not just a b to g not just a government, you know, go to market. It's like the flock safety of wildfires. Right. Yeah. Totally. We we we should probably look at it either for the climate fund or maybe even the opportunity fund. For the opportunity fund. Yeah. I agree. I had a call with the founder maybe 2 months ago, Yeah. And I liked her. I talked to All, who's an investor in this guy, Bill Clarico, who's started, WePay and now has a firm called Convective Capital, which only invests in in wildfire adaptation and mitigation. And we should be closer to them. Ahead. So I'll try to look him into more stuff. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Panasonic business. What's that? The panel seems like a really interesting business. Yeah. And it seems like one that is a USV style business too. For sure. It's a it's a it's a it's a hardware anchored data network. Right? It's so it's like a a it's dead on with with the stuff we're talking about last week. Yep. Yep. All make a note to follow-up with the the founder there. What is real estate? Fred just owns a lot of real estate. Just knows a lot about real estate. Yeah. Sir, And if you just, like if you think about, like, Noyer. Right? Noyer started as, DAC on top of urban buildings. Like, that was the hook that got I think, Fred interested in Noya. And they pivoted away from Matt, but it was like a real estate hook. And we've looked at a lot of community solar stuff. And, you know, he's rightly pointed out how hard it is to do that Anyway, point is, like, anything touching, like, real estate, Fred, is a good you know, has a lot of experience, a lot of interest. Yeah. You think of that. I I I I do wonder if we should, be looking for more kind of Fintech oriented lending opportunities here too. Like, we've done well in lending in the Matt. Yep. There's there's there's real holes in this market. From a financing perspective. I agree. I think we're I think we're underexposed in the climate fund on on Fintech climate Fintech. Yeah. And I don't know that we've ever had a super sharp thesis on it. But if you think about everything like, all of this infrastructure needs to get renewed. A bunch of new shit needs to get built and deployed. Like, it's a there's a massive financing problem, and think we're I just don't think we've ever been really sharp enough on how to approach Matt? Yeah. All, we Grace with you. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we're pretty savvy on good financing like, ways to structure financing. And I think a lot of that started with, like, LendingClub and non balance sheet lending. Uh-huh. And there's definitely application to that model. To a variety of different areas in Yep. Climate. Yeah. I'm not sure. Interesting investment in that company in Copenhagen. Matt, do you remember? But it was basically, like, if I'm starting up a renewable energy project, and I need financing to get it built, they'll lend me money to do so knowing that I'll be able to pay them back in Not that. Yeah. What is it? I'll I'll find it, but it it's it's, right down the It's from Climate Fintech Financing.  
Me: She would describe it to me as a David Energy type company, the one in Copenhagen.  
Them: Yeah. You know, like, a retail reel. Right? Is that the one? It's a Yeah. Yeah. I think that's it. Think there are It it Business facing retailer. Energy retailer. Yeah. I think that's right. Okay.  
Me: Good title.  
Them: Yeah. That's a good title. That sounds really good. It's, like, gripping nonfiction. Good storytelling. Nice. Another thing for another, bullet for the, energy Nick. For the market deck is Who are the who are the best early stage investors here? Like, who who who do we who are we liking? Who's finding interesting things, you know, and just refreshing that list think, would be helpful. Yeah. We we can do some events with them, some dinners with them, all that fun stuff. Right. And I think we're pretty close with you know, obviously, transition, Voyager Voyager. Congruent, at least for me. I I spend a lot of time with Congruent. I don't know that anybody's really close with what's it called? Lower carbon or I don't know. Who else do you think who is Who's Sophie Perdom? I see her doing a lot of good stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Who's Sophie Perdom or the, from Collaborative. 2 different people. Both good. So it'd be for the plan tier. Capital, which is like a pre seed seed climate fund. And she lives in New York. Her venture partner is really smart. Hannah All. That's really I see the stuff she writes and puts out there, and I've always thought that it was good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The cloud people too. Right. I also, respect climate capital, I believe. They kind of have that logo, which is, like, the All, you know, did stop. They're really good as well. There's also a firm called All Blue Dot. Yeah. But I don't I don't know them very well. I've met them, like, once twice, but bet once or twice. I don't know how strong they are.  
Me: They, I met them in Finland.  
Them: I also Matt.  
Me: Like, or something?  
Them: They're Nordic. They're they're growing the thing in Sweden that I'm going to in September. Position Voyager Club, All. That's what we're saying. Integrant. All. This is good. Yep. Oh, it's Planet here, it was closed. Yeah. Planet is Dear, delight on you is looks very lovely right now. Are you sitting by a window with a Tree or something. We have this 2 car garage, and on top, there's this little guest house, and I work out of the guest house. And we're gonna tear it down one day, but it has the best view here because right right here is a window overlooking the Palms. Oh, nice. And it also It it obstructs the pond view from the rest of the house, but Whatever. You get it. Yeah. Oops. By the way, speaking of climate crisis, It's been so fucking hot here that we've had this green algae bloom in the pond. And didn't have the aerator on. And the algae kinda sucked all the oxygen out of the pond, and we woke up one morning, and there were thousands of dead tadpoles just floating off the top of the pond. Wow. It will, man. Hi. It literally seemed like a plague. Wow. Matt awful. God. I'm sorry. Pawns Pawns are complicated. They weren't until until till the climate crisis. Right. Hey. Maybe one point related to Matt, letter c fountree trust. I was hoping to introduce this team that I met. They're way too early for us, but they're doing this sort of, like, network marketplace for land stewards and land owners. Are there any folks Young think I could send out? I have some leads forward to we did our climate tech event with NSF. But is there any other names of precede investors we like that could be interested in something like that. It's more software. Touching through physical, let me know. Well, I like Kim Cutler at initialized and she does a lot of Kind of like PropTech stuff or, like, she's the one that sent me that that did Pano. And Okay. And she's, like, she's really good at, like, real world physical environment stuff. Okay. And they're obviously not a climate fund, but her little corner of investing Matt initialized, I think, has potential. And they're, like, they're software investors there. They're not Young know, Thank you. This is really good. Thank you for for working on this. I'm really excited about this. Yeah. Yeah. Utility power is really, really need it. Yeah. We've been talking about it for a while. It's it's good that we're organizing all the notes. Right. I feel like yeah. I just feel like there's And I think it would be good once you get this in a little bit further shape, like, bring you know, bring it back to the whole group. Yeah. Like, the whole group needs to get more excited. About climate. Right now. Feel like a little bit Matt of a vibe towards climate stuff. In the team right now, and I I think we need to fix that. Yeah. But I I I think that's driven by just, like, finding making climate about the things that people are organically or to be excited about. Exactly. Instead of, like, beating people over the head with, like, we really should be doing this, like, Syn Bio thing that no one understands or cares about or whatever. Yeah. I'm excited about this because I think it will need we'll have like, a better filter at the top of funnel. Just, like, spin our wheels less on things that probably will get over the line anyway, but We wanna give it a chance. You know, some I think some of the best vibes from when somebody starts a sentence with, I'm excited about x Like, Jared, you just said, I'm excited Albert, I forget what it was, you know? It's climate Fintech stuff for us. Climate Fintech. Right? Like, amazing. Young had a goal. Like, yeah. Exactly. So, like, I that's, like, the we wanna be leading with I'm excited about you know, x. I think. Totally. And I think people have you know, good good taste and good instincts here, so it's good to Exploit what people are excited about. Mhmm. Right. Well, that's that. Let's make some investments. No. Yeah. S  
Me: I, I told Matt this already, but I I experienced some headwinds yesterday. Which is, so I'm working out of this co working space in New Hampshire. And, the real estate developers who built this space have been here having meetings. They've did a bunch of buildings in the area, and they are going to start banning EVs from their garages  
Them: because of battery fire?  
Me: out of safety risk. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Battery risk. Wow. Wow. That is really by by the way, it makes a lot of sense. I think. But  
Me: And then  
Them: I feel like we sort of skirted around that issue a whole lot.  
Me: I was eavesdropping and it wasn't like it didn't seem like a like a strongly politically motivated point of view, more so just like a why even invite the hassle?  
Them: Right. Young wanna you mind pulling that we don't have to go through the whole Nick, again with Fred, but it would be good to ask Fred the what are you excited about question. Sure. So Yeah. So Grace and I are working on this, like, client thesis revamp We're just trying to identify themes at the intersection of what's real gap in our portfolio based on, like, what's interesting and important in Matt, where is it accepted from the team? And based on those two things, how do we do that And Like, Edgeway. And so we're just kinda going through the team and trying to speculate or they can do it offered what they were interested in. We put you Fred down for real estate but is there anything else? I'm not I'm not that interested in investing in at the intersection of real estate and climate. I'm interested in that personally because Joanne and I are developing real estate, but you know, I learned a lot about of real estate. I think, is the maybe the Yeah. Where where we were starting. Yeah. I'm most interested in the intersection of climate and crypto. Because I and and not so much, like, 2 cam definitely know, I'm glad we did Matt. But I sent Nick this thing today. It's coming Recording in progress. His take on it. It's, little gateway that you attach to your solar panels and you get, you earn tokens. It's like d pen Yeah. You know, for climate. And I just think that it may be easier to motivate people to make investments And clean, you know, Wenger,  
Me: No.  
Them: with token incentives as opposed to carbon credits. Yeah. It's cool. That's interesting. Jamie Wilkinson just sent me that just, like, 2 days ago. Same thing. It's gone viral. Yeah. It by the way, they're sold out. Can't buy 1. Because I was going to buy 1 and attach it to my solar panels out here. But, but I worry a little bit that that that particular one is, like, is a heavy lift. There was another Matt deep in company that we looked at that was, like, attach it to your Young, energy your, Matt, your panel. Matt your life panel, Just the installation of these is pretty hard. Matt, that's that's why I wanted to try it. I want because I I think, you know, helium's crazy. You turn it on. You know? You connect it, plug it in. You have to connect it to your Wi Fi or whatever, but, like, that's kinda it. Like, my I've got a WeatherXM Right. I'll show it to you. Right here. That I still have not attached to the house here at the beach because really hard to do. You gotta get up on the roof. You gotta All a 10 foot pole and you have to get it oriented the right way. And then you have to agree with your wife on where it is allowed to go on the house and where it isn't. You know, these are not easy. Steps. It's a lot like installing a STARLINK. It's kinda the same thing when you do that. Matt negotiation with Young end was really challenging. We we came up with a great answer the way, Which is USV it on our neighbor's house. Yeah. They have. I'll give you half of my d pen for our for putting it on your house. Our next door neighbors have a weather station on a pole on the roof that's, like, rusted out and broken. And I'm gonna go over there and be like, hey. I noticed Young you know, can can I give you a free brand new  
Me: Is this the same one that's suing all of  
Them: weather stations.  
Me: Web 3 companies?  
Them: No. That's that's that's Nick's other neighbor. Oh, sorry. How is that? Matt my neighbor 2 doors down. Exactly.  
Me: Okay.  
Them: That's a good move. You know, golf courses have these weather stations on them because they are worried about people getting caught in lightning storms. And so in most golf courses, you'll see maybe in 1 or 2 Kaden. Usually, like, the farthest from the clubhouse, there'll be, like, this little weather station. And I was playing golf with my son last weekend, and he looked at Matt. He's like, Why is this not a weatherXM station? Your your club is literally giving away money. Like, why are they I was like, never thought about that, but you're absolutely right. That's funny.  
Me: You know, private airports too. My bad.  
Them: Wenger weather stations.  
Me: Like, little tiny private airports probably have small weather patients. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. I I think it's I think the that insight though that maybe more of a business type of product than a home product. Well, sort of maybe more if you already have a weather station. Right? Right? Like, why wouldn't you just connect it to WeatherXM? Right? Right. I was as I was about to prompt the group to figure out how to make the transition from climate to crypto elegantly, but you redid it for us, so thank you. I just think, before we leave climate entirely, I I think for big businesses, there's a lot of incentive know, to change the behavior And, you know, you see that with, like, the big carbon credit buyers, like Microsoft and Stripe and and and all of that. But I think for individuals, it's a little tougher. Like, there's like, there's just the I wanna be good, so I'm gonna buy EVs. I'm gonna put solar on my house. Like, But you know, the paybacks are pretty Young. And I think, like, getting past, like, the early adopter 5 10% of the market who wanna do that just because they wanna be good and getting to mainstream. I don't know what incentives are there, so that's why I think it might be interesting to look at Yeah. That's a super interesting lens. That's a fun category to unpack too because there there really are quite a number of energy d pin products. Yeah. React. I think that's the one, Nikhil, that was the, I have to go back and look at my my email. Is Anyway, Are most of these Running on the Helium network, or are they trying to build their own network? Like, is WebexM running on Helium, or is it Yeah. This Wenger makes a Helium compatible unit, which is the one I have. But they also make A A nonhelium one. I can't remember if it's, like, a 5 g or a cell chip or something else. Got it. So they're using in the in the Helium compatible one, they're using the Helium network to to phone home. Yeah. Yeah. And I have a hotspot You also get Helium rewards is it, is it built in so you also get Helium rewards for running it? No. Because it's you don't You're not they don't there isn't it's not an integrated Helium hot spot and weather station. It's a consumer of the Helium network. Not a producer I got it. Of the Helium network. Right. But so what I did here is I just I have a healing hotspot on my desk, and then this will go and it'll talk to that and know, I'll learn both, hopefully. So that so that's not a security, thankfully. Well, Wenger see. Yeah. No. 

Meeting Title: Bi-monthly USV Discussion
Date: Sep 11
Meeting participants: Anne Mui, Investment Team
Link: https://notes.granola.ai/d/f3ee031f-12d2-4fc2-b4ac-e7b5c9519853?source=copy_link

Transcript:
 
Me: For that. Alright. So blue are are areas where we've we've spent time, but haven't invested. And this is, I think, really interesting. Specifically, we're also people of there's a lot of things that we spend time at having a message. Those are specifically people who are, like, how excited about that. Got it. And we recently highlighted, deep in Anne chips. As things we we have technically done theater. But previously, those were were bright blue. I think it's It's good to make sure that we capture the things we do that are deep in, but it's also the case that Globe Labs is helping build more grid scale solar. So, like, one could easily Well, it's energy. Energy. Energy. Energy. It's energy. It's energy. It's energy. Is deepened and it's Yeah. So Yeah. I think, honestly, people debate it. And a lot of things can Exactly. It's it's a little bit of a jazz. So But yeah, Cooling is like air conditioning. Yes. So that's an adaptation, helping helping people access cooling less expensively in more parts of the world. I find it kinda interesting that we're have such a little footprint in both environment. Because it isn't huge. You know, environmental, totally. It's not totally surprising to Because built environment is a tough market. Correct. There's a lot of You know? Infrastructure there that Isn't all that, Excited about changing the way they do things. So I think we have to Anne and edge approach to the built environment. Matt could be the developing world. You know, for example, what's not in here is Odyssey. Where's Odyssey? Well, that's the thing. But, like, you know, not like in the in the markets that Odysee's, again. You know, built environment might be a little easier to tackle, but also platforms like that is Yeah. Right. Yeah. And and there's crossover to some extent on those environments. There's Because that is a Like, here, we should categorize that as Yes. Yeah. For sure. Yeah. There's I think there's also people that work and maybe been somewhat excited about things that sit at intact. And the building barn. So there was the this one project Tax credits There's equity sealed, which helps Yep. You know, people do Ceiling, but but tapping into people and they just and I clicked on tech Yes. I do. Yeah. Incentives, financing, as it relates to the built environment. I feel like probably something there that could One of the things I think Yeah. David Energy. A little bit Mhmm. Where would we put programmable Electricity. Is that Anne energy? I think of it as energy. I think it's SpiritTag. It's ER demand response. It's Yeah. Certainly, there's a built environment slant to it. There's, like, segora impacts in Let's was looking at building mine and stuff. Yeah. A 100%. Yeah. Like, home energy. Yeah. Yep. You know? We kinda got to the list by looking at a bunch of those Totally. It's interesting. I feel like ideally, what we'd have is a market Yeah. That was multidimensional. To try to capture some of the some of the because it it a lot of things in our portfolio that are that touch multiple Yes. And trying to trying to capture that on a 2 by 2 matrix is never gonna be all that satisfying. I'm not suggesting that we do that. I'm just saying that you think about it, that would be a great way to visualize it. Mhmm. Well, I think there's really there's different exercises here. One exercise is, like, perfectly counterizing everything. The what we're aiming to do is just, like, get a bunch of words on the screen highlight take out words where we feel like we've through what's left over. Anything about what would it mean for us to invest there? And what's missing? Me. Start? So the the exercise that we thought we'd do is just, all the areas where we have highlighted something? Listen, the ones that we looked at, me and Grace went through in you know, why haven't we invested there? And then try to think through, like, what would it take to get across the line or what can we say in that category. I also it might be good to look at areas where we have invested ourselves, do we wanna keep investing there Yes. Yeah. I use yeah. I think that's a good idea too. I Like, I need more confidence or in in areas where we invested in, like, you know, we like and our thought was just, like, Or that's kinda the first sort of And reason there's On the second half, right half of the screen. Breakthrough a couple of these already. With the product team. What Gets a company on The left hand side of this These being graced. So these are comes with book then. Look look at it in the category and pass on. And is public transportation a separate category here, or where would you put that? Because the header is transportation. Yeah. We have 2, transportation left. Okay. Great. K. We have one micro mobility, Team right chair, and then one that's There's a 2 layer filter here. There's You know, how how we define Yeah. Yep. And Yep. Just infrastructure, How distribution channels all these things Yeah. Exactly. So that's the conversation that we wanna have with this group of about. Category. This is things through are there opportunities because of You know, You need market pressures or you know, are there market that we find attractive What's the name of the battery Yeah. Not not integrated Anthro, is Anthro gonna be selling to ebikes and e scooters? Yeah. Yes. Probably. Is that the primary market, or is that just one of their markets? It's one of their working. I mean, they want to sell the automobile. Right. Anne if they can get They're starting they're starting, by the way, So military is not police application. Where the special requirements and it's a good good place for them to start. Yes. Yeah. That makes ton of sense. Yeah. And Anthro could be a Right. Or is it later? Right. Because, like, to me, know, the the challenge with Ebikes and e scooters I think an important challenge is See, Particularly in dense urban environments. And so I think it'd be more interesting for us to invest in companies like Anthro who were taking that on as opposed to yet another ebike company. I think the the other possibility is, like, networks there, and that's like, what well, I used to be kind of an assortment there, but VOMO is a softball battery network. Right. For your drivers. There there are things like that. 2. Do we know, that could be Remember asking Albert about this first a couple of years ago about swapping batteries versus making charging ubiquitous. And I think, Albert, you said to me, long term, you think making charging more ubiquitous is the better answer than then Yeah. I mean, There is one battery swapping startup that's got some traction called Gogoro, and it's out of Taiwan. Yep. The the problem Matt battery swapping is is you everybody needs to have the same form factor, the And, and that's hard to achieve. And then also battery packs, Alright. So it'll work for, you know, obviously, battery swap on, like, the power tools and maybe on that more ebike. But, I I do think that he would miss charge a piece and when you say another ebike Yeah Anne. Yeah. Our friends, Eric Walfourst and Alex Leon, the Credit Capital Club have no, they have what's Dance. He's seen all over Paris What Anne is is a subscription by company. So you pay a monthly subscription, I think, Team €70, and then you get their bike. Anne If the bike breaks, they just send somebody with a new bike, and they take the old bike. So it's it's They may make the wrong Oh, they do? Yeah. They make their own, which I'm not sure is the right idea, but they do. And so, like, there's a a company called Upway that I followed for a little while, which is a markup place for refurbished ebikes. And other micro Electrified transportation methods. I think is neat and it's a marketplace. But it's an ebike as well. So, like, that's an example of something that kinda fits the USB model as the marketplace. But it's ebike centric. But I think it would fit in nicely here. I like in general, I like ebikes a lot. It's just so category expanding. And we booked a Such a great take on electric. Vehicles, Jared wants them banned from major urban centers. No. I want mopeds banned from bike lanes. I think you're my policy. Do that. And I don't understand why I I was on the west side my way the k. Supposed to have it on the bike path. And there was a moped And the moped passed the police officer, and the police did nothing. And I'm like, yo, Chris. Confiscate the thing. Agreed. I think every every time one goes by me, I said, that's a motorcycle. And then they just look at me like But e bikes, you're fine. Say that again? Oh, I said, but e bikes, you're fine with in the In the bike lane, Ones that you have to pedal. Yes. This is what you guys wanted to Well, you did write about it. Is it It's okay with Pedalist. Not just Think you can go faster. Think Square declared my body That's also kind of the advantage because people will Right. So it's like My plan on that was What if you got busted shoulder? I suppose you're riding a bike. You know, just while we're talking about Ebikes, what I see in New York's response to Yes. The bike sharing system. In New York, unfortunately, it's a monopoly with Citi Bike. But in Paris, there's 5 or 6 of them. Are the dominant way people use Ebitels. Yeah. Because you really don't wanna A lot of I you know, the sharing networks are totally stupid. You wanna think Hard to forget it. Yeah. So what happened to the sharing networks for scooters, which are, like, you know, ebikes like Yeah. See, so in in Paris, Lime operates both a, ebike network and e scooter network. And they're pretty equally ubiquitous. Okay. And you know, they did which is really smart and works really well, I'm sure many cities This is they have designated scooter parking Yeah. Area Anne a dead designated bike parking area. Yeah. And the companies that run the ride sharing networks, they're apps literally will not let you Yep. Exit a a a ride unless And let they don't you can't even get can't even do it. Like, it's yes. It's kind of annoying. By the way, you're like, no. It is it's allowed, you know. But you know, we can't exit your ride. The stock systems are City Bank and all of k. Our our scooter network's a If you Yeah. I don't think they're a USB style investment. If you if you yes. But I but I think part part of why I brought this up is that I I think These networks pretty well built at this point. And, like, trying to go into the Ebike. Sharing or or e scooter sharing business seems like not the right move. Building bikes. There's scale, manufacturing efficiencies, partnerships. Right. Things that would go in the Ebay's Like, better batteries, 4 better, Knowing where they are, Systems like Helium. Because I think wasn't one of the ride sharing companies using yes. It didn't pan out. Fine. They are. Mikes are And, and, so those kinds of things. Software You know, some Software Apps could imagine there'd be an app that everybody who uses by assuring system would wanna have. Like a Presto. Batteries You know, that's gonna be intellectual property protection based on particularly advanced technology. Otherwise, think that's how both Anthro and Unigrid are working. Is that they are looking to So their cells to the other battery manufacturer. For their IP by by buying and selling. Really hard Right. Have it And, you know, those are long fights So it's So if we're looking at batteries, we're looking at Anne We may already have our bed batteries fixed? Yes. And we all also have looked at some things analytics. And is there a data network I also would like to move Team meeting just one question on, Yeah. Of actually making these vehicles. What if, you know, there's there's this company Arc, which is a, electric boat. That's right. Perfect transition. Great. Terrific. Matt Anne then, you know, there's aviation as well Anne all of these other pieces of heavy machinery are becoming electrified. How do we feel about investing in those companies? That's a good question. Right. We looked at boats the boat. I was Yes. Gonna happen. Transform. I'm not Anne Anne It's just The future For a certain routes and use cases, it's I think we made the right choice, but now investing in our company with some really complicated You know, I think the other thing is, like, before you. Do we wanna be, you know, it's right. Yeah. Not just, you know, like this versus something more like a network or or something. They were also going after the Tassie, market. Right? Yeah. The the routes around San Francisco. Anne Yeah. Exactly. And and the issue There is Those those very companies have sort of captured The government Anne Probably bribe the government and have, like, monopolies those cities And so it was hard hard to see how we were how that company was gonna, like, get in unless they had to sell the horn blower. And horn blower was gonna like, okay. Well, You know? Is how much I'm gonna pay. So it's some concern about, like, what the go to market would look like. Right. There's a little bit of part of that is, like, short access So But that many So it'd be like a larger fee of smaller boats. They can dock up into bottlenecks Not to hope don't But this but then the water gets Really proud. It was lots of people flying around. Yeah. But then Water is taking I don't know that that's really true. The East River is damn crowded. Still safe to kayak. For some demonstration of safety, Right? But this but this isn't this isn't a a dynamic. We're gonna look at any public transportation. Whether it's water, air, you know, 14th Street, that's gonna be is gonna be a challenge. Right? Yeah. And that you're gonna need some governmental body to approve you doing this. Yes. What? Came already. What? And how did we get this? What is it? Andy, I've been trying to go and they have a man on his. Uh-huh. Woah. Hand. Wow. It's all your it's all your routine today. Holy shit. No. No. I I I think when it comes to these kind of things, You know, the the question is, is it a new vehicle in an old business model, or is it a fundamentally other I mean, the most valuable part is they have they have to go starving. Always growing like crazy pace. And it's dark, and only we can possibly afford Yep. Let's do Borbit were made some shape by basic So I I think, like, selling somebody The bike that's just a substitute for another bike. So like somebody has shipped it. Just another substitute for another ship. So I think now we you have to believe in those in those networks And then one of the big questions is, what is the right geography for those kind of things? So is it something that already has very transport? Or something like Navi interesting in place don't Just like Yeah. Doubling the reason it was successful is covers the globe, and it covers lots of places don't have at at present. So it's it's going into areas of nonconsumption. And I think, all of the You know, bike, scooter, and other networks have done cities that already have many good transport options We just try to squeeze and get another transport option. I just versus, like, okay. As an example, electric planes, one area where we're seeing black planes. Someone's in the waiting room, short disc 315. I think that's Lauren. Lauren. Lauren. Lauren. Short distance flights. Yeah. Right? So open up new, potentially new routes in corridors. You can't do the same thing with electric the range, but maybe there's, you know, markets that can be opened up So So that's made an example of what we've done. Yeah. The deal with there is is the landing in takeoff rights and Right. And then maybe know, homeowners who don't want their landline or their houses. So you know, again, I think Albert's right. Like, it you're gonna have to you're gonna run into a lot of regulatory issues. Not not so we can invest But, like, LA is a good example. Where they they don't have good national security. Right? And all the other other existing options like subways and buses just really Don't work. And so, like Mhmm. Somebody came up with an entirely new way to move people around, like, LA would be an interesting market. So there are a couple companies. There are a couple companies that do this glide ways as one another. And the idea is these small electric autonomous cars. Right. That go that go pretty much straight. They don't have to, like, do a lot of stuff. Right? So they could go, like, along the 101. Are they, like, helicopters? No. They're lacars. They're like little they're like cars. No. No. They're on the on the road. I was. Right? And you have to actually but you have but you have to what you would do is you have to create access for them, but it's like a like a a thin row with on the side. I see. So, basically, you would take what, like, you take, like, the HOB lane Yes. And you Anne it into the sideways lane Exactly. Be just hundreds of these little gliders going, and they'd be point to point. Exactly. This is happening now in Atlanta, I think. In Atlanta and, like, San Jose to, like, Palo Alto. That's great. Right? Yeah. That means short, things like that. Right? K. This makes sense. It requires the government to set aside Total Yes. Totally. Also, on the aviation front, very highly regulated. And Well, Failed aviation sometimes. Many of which were started by former tech on So we gotta think Yeah. I I I think the most interesting thing that people built with today with this geography, but it's a Chrome delivery in Africa. Again, to remote places You don't have anything else you're lowering today. Yes. And so this is not grown delivering up for some So drones more broadly are interesting because they snuck up on Ringdley. They Right? They and they were well established before figured out that So, you know, that's that's an interesting way to think about this. Is there anything that will that's so differentiated not an airplane. It's not something that currently regulates all of a sudden emerges, and then becomes so ubiquitous so quickly that It creates I think we wanna go over Saying you're All of these going really careful things by sort of Public infrastructure Yes. Spending initially. It's a little bit like Yeah. Whatever, like, if if there are ways that can sidestep that or at least get The can't shouldn't be a locking issue. Now, like Albert's point, we should avoid 0 sum markets We are replacing A regular bike with an ebike or a regular travel with ecar? Yes. And look for net new markets. But that's specifically when it comes to the OEM. Investing in the OEM. Well, no. We're we're a network. We're an enablement enablement layer or a market Like, you could there could be drone apps that aren't in OEM. Look. I don't think this is specific But we we would invest in an OEM if it was a new Not as not as Anne one one I think that new market, old market, OEM versus something else are Right. I think Ingen's would probably It might be lunch too. It might be lunch, but it could be right. You Anne Yes. Nobody. Oh, need to get some of this. It's really I mean, that is Sometimes you do. If you want the old what? Have you had a Sandy and I have been talking Well, you know, look. This is actually this is actually to decide to come to the office more. So, you know, like, if you if you wanna get great food, you gotta see it at USB. If We're What is that? Interested in the race. New markets, Is that how much does that rule out the Excuse me? How much does that rule out the west? I don't think it has to rule out the west. That's why I brought up Los Angeles, like, Los Angeles is a massive, modern, metropolis that has absolutely Well, not 0, but very little public. Right? So the thing that Andy talked about you know, is interesting, Brad's right. You gotta get the city of Los Angeles to let you know, take over a car lane. That's gonna be, you know, the hotly debated Yes. You're pressing the is here Anne, you know, and that's a binary debt and investment works if it happens in happen. Like, that's hard to make. But I don't think we have to be solely focused on developing world, but I also think the developing world's probably a more interesting place broadly to look for these things? Next one He's a bucket, Dudley. A lot of this is just a 3 I've seen a lot of companies doing that. I think conversation with the climate group, what would be more interesting is ways to help the utility by, like, you know, improving our inflection cues by finding ways to get around them. Which looks like micro grids looks like more batteries and and things like that. Well, there's when you say utilities, there's the generation piece. Yeah. The yeah. There's a transmission piece. Yeah. There's so I think both generation and distribution could be interesting at the edge. Like, edge generation would be community solar. We've looked at it. We've Anne it. But, you know, like, the idea that you could kind of create a brand new energy utility with some sort of an edge approach. I think that's a very USB. I mean, you just have a idea to invest in. And then on the distribution side, I mean, one could argue that both Ostrom did I have that right? Ostrom and David our at some level, They're retail. Well, they're they're they're right. We should get hung up on semantics. I think what this is talking about is Distribution which is between the generation and the retailing. Actually think we've done it to put it down in generation. Like, creating the generation Generation It could be about a meter from a meter. And we definitely had to have old assets in I mean, glow at some level is generation. Right? Help people with grid scale solar get built. It's So in theory, those are the wires that's in the entry long and the ancillary enabling technology for that. Is both hardware and software. So, like, resilient power their transformers could be by someone they'd be bought by when we're there, you know, Like, for for their personal satisfaction for their charging Spot. Or they could be bought by utility for their distribution Do we think that electricity will ever be transmitted through something other than a wire. Oh, answer is no. No. I mean, you know, the physics of transmitting, like, 22 to the air are very challenging. So if we're gonna trust with, like, trust me, we will trust you with Like, we might be making an e fuel and then e fuel had a huge one of those embedded brain. Yes. Wow. Was required to make I don't think we will be transporting electricity. It will go over wires or in the form of a physical product that created to make buy a lot of electricity. And that could be used to generate a lot of electricity. Right? So the e fuel you could run back through a machine that makes one. I mean, a battery is at some level, transmission device too. Right? Do you put Sure. Yes. Charge the battery, you send it somewhere. Like, so Matt, charges massive battery in the construction site. So the construction Are you seeing So I I it's interesting. I mean, this slide is very specific thing. And our interest immediately knows the things around it. We did these Good evidence that, we probably are not so interested in transmission distribution, but the e d one technology is like a it's like a magnet try to push something to it. It just Yeah. So Okay. One thing I spent a little bit of time with a woman who runs one of the largest solar developers US And she said the single biggest problem they have right now is interconnection they used to be a 6 month wait. Now there's a 2, 3 year wait to get interconnected The reason for that is that the are not know, basically set up to accept this intermittent power Yes. And and so, she thinks that you know, if she wasn't right in this business, she would have Yeah. So that's What is it? Called? It's trans it's grid enhancing technologies. And so grid enhancing technologies are designed designed to get more out of the existing interest by moving intelligence to the end and being more effective in There that that they wouldn't be defined as part of GED. GED is really just electronics that you put on wires and get more out of the wires. Oh, I see. So some motors on the end Anne so switches. And routers in the middle. Yes. I guess. But it's it's all embedded in the grid. And so it's an interesting and exciting area, and it's an area where there is a real need The problem is that the incumbents who would be the purchasers of this equipment Just as happy not to have that solar field. And so they don't make any effort to, You have to the utility has to deploy the equipment And so unless there is again, a regulatory intervention that or you know, if there were if there were a clever way where a single, you know, So if single user value is a way bootstrapping memory effects. If there was a way that a solar farm could put something in and then it would have to be a regulatory thing that said you must accept. If they put this thing on the edge, you know, then everybody would buy it. And Right now, we don't have that. So I think this is a tough market to sell into right now. We did get close to one company. Which you both looked at, which is Kemu. Right. Mhmm. And Camus sells grid orchestration And we know what they're doing. I don't. You like the founder. Do you need the founder? And then we could we backed off of it for this exact reason, which is I've also spent a bunch of time with utility data Yeah. Yeah. Nice people. Struggling Yeah. Another thing that happens in this market is all the utilities have sort of stumpworks where they trial all this stuff. So everybody gets to say I'm working with utilities They all have Is is is there a part of the world where utilities haven't even really been built you could, you know, just back to, like, Akhil's question, like, other parts of the world that we And you Utility light play. I I think the more interesting play on this In those parts of the world, our microgrid Because Because the ideal structure for, the electricity grid the ideal future structure looks like the structure that you have, like, micro grids the girdle of lands, Then you have 3 tall grids that connect Rachel Anne micro grids together into a Rachel balancing. Which is like, you know, being local ISPs and kinda give and then you have a a a countrywide backbone, which is sort of like the big, you know, build on backlogs that we have in the US for May, East, Midwest, So there's a lot of things in the world wherein And so we we've taken several runs at looking microgrid companies, and I think that's a very promising area that we should look at again. Honestly, it's someone yeah. Honestly, part of the the stuff that Odyssey finances are It's like is an island that's its own little utility. Matt has generation and and demand and distribution and demand. And the point is you can't go build it. So I could imagine so Odysee Finance is my You could imagine a company that's, like, Yeah. That focuses on the grid orchestration software We wouldn't want that company selling into you know, kind of but maybe they're selling into everybody who's starting a microbrewery in the world. And maybe it's open source, and maybe it's whatever. Like, I could imagine something like that being well interest it seems to me that micro grids is an area that we should put on our list of things that we'd like to do more. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. And I agree. The question is how do we get more up to speed on all the companies that are working in that Anne the markets where it's the most interesting. And and and I think, obviously, you can help us. Yeah. There's also, there's a In the US, There is one person trying hard to totally revamp the grid and then start Arnold out of Texas. It's like a commodity billionaire guy. Put together a company. I put it in the chat of Great United. Where you put a couple 100,000,000 of dollars of the money into to build more and bid it bigger back boat grid in the US. That's not where you're speaking. I'm just saying, that kind of That kind of breaker on innovation in the net. People are like, we need to crack this open and then Obviously, the longer way to go for permitting reform, is also part of that. I mean, which is still That's the past. So I I that's why I think that the US is not a great place, but it's nice to see people like John Arnold actually try Yeah. A guy who started a company if we need to move on, I can do this after. But he went to Packer, it's called Grid Market. And they do, What's it called? They work with both governments and municipalities or like national governments and municipalities to do microgrids of varying scales. And like a low light they work with a lot of low light coastal nations. They'll come to them, they'll give them a bunch of data, then what grid market does is they come back with, like, a proposal and all the subcontractors are that we need to hire. Yeah. So that's not a company that we would necessarily invest in, but they probably We know just about everyone who's selling technology into people who are setting up Yeah. Micro grids. Grid market? Yeah. It's been around for, like, 15 years. Cool. But I can connect you to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be interesting. I I think migrates are definitely UC silent Who do the land, use? So alternative proteins. And you showed graph recently. We've gone back and forth between there is a bubble There's all these learnings that have been made. You should go back But also, Struggling with selling through retail and traditional go to market. Can I can I tee up the Fred versus Albert debate on whether selling gel is Go for it? I I I just think the the history of combination right You know, like, getting on grocery store shelves and Yeah. Just a lot of, like, marketing costs that that makes those businesses challenging. And Albert, Well, yes. And, also, time and again, time again, people do it and build 1,000,000 businesses So I think this you know, one of the nice things is there's no ways around that, especially for early adopters who, I think, buy this in a subscription or buy, you know, mail order, basically. So the the key thing that's happened here, which I think is you know, it's like the whole Carmelita thing. Over and over again. So there's a bubble, a huge amount of capital comes in, a huge amount of early capital gets this But the key If gets a big mark on cost. And so, like, what happened with solar? Were all this all of a sudden, we figured out how to make sells cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. The key thing here was growth factors, and growth factors first floor, prohibitively expensive. And I just sent a to think to the Economist. Somebody has put together a kind of a learning rate chart for, growth factors, and it just looks like it just looks like a solar cost control. Growth factor a like a thing that you use to make cells? Is that what a growth vector is? Yeah. Growth factor is basically so sales need to be in a medium in order to replicate. And that medium needs to be in growth factors that signal to the sales that they should be specialize in in certain ways so that they become, like, muffled or fat or, you know, whatever you want him to be. And these growth factors are made by, like, industrial manufacturing companies? Well, they are they were made in tiny quantity by labs, which is why we're extremely expensive. But This federal hacks most important hack that will eventually be unlocked that I haven't looked again, is to make most of the growth factors Anne adoptions when you grow or when a cow grows, it doesn't need to grow growth factor. It endogenously produces the growth factors. But the point is, It's like like a great example or early capital comes versus then There's no way to to, like, have a consumer product because it's way, way, way, way too high. Matt that early capital gets the learning curve going. And now the learning curve, like, looks like the so called learning curve. And so, within the next couple of years, starting now ish, there will be, Matt will be made this way that will be entirely consumer flow. Albert, there's a company that Matt and I have been trying to get a hold of called Clever Khan, or maybe we could loop you in and and c if that would help strike another conversation. I had one conversation with them, and they basically think that they have a cheaper route to creating Yeah. Our team. Yeah. His his his his hospital is working investors. Yes. A little bit The food I I subscribe that's your to always. Cheaper less harmful meat. Yeah. Anyway, I, like there is one who just wrote me, the the cat lady. Sorry. Well, I I like the idea of betting on places like the military that they have a real need to Bring Matt back there. Well, no. Bioreactor making the meat, and you never leave the base. But but but I think the hours point about anthro is is a really good point, which is Matt You know, a good place to bring new technology that, you know, otherwise, we may have regulatory and go to market issues is an ill check. Except you have to sell That's but some of the military Is It's a thing. Let's you know, it is a thing. It's that's like double tap on hard mode. Right. So you do need to right? I like the image. Yeah. I heard, but yeah. Okay. Not that we can't do it, but it's also hard. 1 Anne one question here. If we take the solar analogy seriously, Is the big winner of solar of Fintech 1.0 was Enphase. Which was an enabler of solar. And You know, I think we're very big on inverter integrated in phase inverters. Yeah. The the the micro motors Matt was there. Innovation. Matt Yes. C and I. So it's a small scale. So so while everybody was running to to invest in the arrays, they came up with a better Anne in one big If and so on I'll turn to proteins if there were Anne Yeah. We looked at some early businesses during that. But again, I think that was early in the ball bubble territory. I do think that's a very interesting area to look at. Yeah. And I think it's perfect time, it's too early on that. And then customers their parts don't work, then you're selling to not like you're pushing road. But, like, Anne and their AI Yeah. Is not gonna In theory, it's a perp, but if can't build anything at work, then it's a matter of figuring out. Twilio. There's Anne then you also get And you have to be The protein producer 1st though? That I that's the question. That's the question. I guess the other question I see. No one can do the whole stack. If Hummer is really gonna spend one part of it, then guess, the other question I have is, like, if it's really about protein Anne just giving people a different way to get protein in their diet Is it important to focus on meat Why isn't it just, like I think so. I don't need to offer it. No. We we don't need to just focus on you. I don't know. I think there's some source of source of I think it's people won't be Yes. But but I think in the in the Yeah. When it comes to meat, there's sort of multiple factors that come together for why people really would love this kind of meat and why I think this instant real demand for it. And I I will start the second this is available, this will be the only week I will work. Alright. Other than me, I will not myself. So why why why is this different than an ebike manufacturer? This is a a more environmentally substitute for with the same business model. Well, I didn't let the conversation be the exact organization. Brad, and I have not It is. Yes. That's the thing that conversation. To me, an ebike is extremely close to a bike. Making needs from cells versus growing animals. So, like, 2 fundamentally different business different inputs, different geographies, different knowledge bases. They're just totally different businesses. I think the military the military is very interesting. Like, supply chain is totally different. Have you can be, like, on target. Can you be You don't need to have tons of land somewhere where you can ship it over and process it and be Anne to work on one place and get retailer. It's just like a fundamentally different which feels like it should I don't know. One thing is the ship meets military bases, so people don't get shot on the way there or whatever. But, like, well, the there'd be further I mean, the argument against the land use or whatever else. The argument against the is that there are whole cultures Laura Swast, Swast of Humanity, only me. So, like, is meat really the thing? Or is protein thing? Is it know, coming up with other ways to soil up. Maybe. I I was thinking of something maybe a little bit better than that, but it's what? Like a like a here's your protein pill. That's all you need. Take a pill. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I'm replacing I don't I don't actually have view on this. I'm just trying to be provocative. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How is soiled? I don't think that well. Mhmm. But This is America people show time and time again is the interesting question where, like, soylin was a replacement for everything else. That was the idea. All you need is your 3 soylins a day or 2 soylins a day. So you talk about, like, creating brand new markets. Something like that. Like, here's your protein pill. Protein powders exist. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I think I think that's true. I think think there's a lot more to it than anything. Experience like a Thing You know, there are issues that incorporate meat in them. I think I did on Friday. Anybody here remember the Jetsons? Yes. No worries. Yeah. We should be selling the device that you have at your home for them Right. Right. Military would like that too. Anyway, alright. Next. It's a good transition because this next slide is basically, like, everything to do with it's and we see a bunch of different things here. And I guess the argument is should we be doing more in just, like, making traditional farming better or augmenting it in So we've seen a lot in regenerative farming in indoor farming, in, doing different things with fertilizer and feed. And also in off off the farming equipment, but and also, sort of editing the biology of crops to make them more resistant to weather. So Matt and I just sort of onto one slide Farming, and agriculture. We have with us here. Right? Yes. Do you have anything else here? I mean, we've looked at a number of things, but we've had this at the main I mean, I guess it's some of the land you mom back is land Usv. Yes. Right. I think my back is definitely falls into the you know, they're they're taking previous land that was part of the Great Forest and that Happened in for agriculture, but then degraded rapidly this agricultural productivity. And then we reinforce it. Yeah. Albert, what's the German company that we looked at that made the thing that sticks in the ground? Remember that Yeah. I mean, we looked at the yardstick in the US. Instead on Sten. Right. And sometimes my brain pulls these names out of nowhere. Name. It's very strange. Well, I don't think a a computer would suffer from that problem. No. That's why it needs to be replaced, obviously. I think there could be a cool USB approach Right. The centralized food supply chains are weak and vulnerable and they're broken. And they're only gonna get more exacerbated. Like, is there a way a way to bring reproduction closer to where people live whether that's, like, community based or in your own back garden. Like, there could be something around creating more localized food sources. But I haven't seen that yet. Farming is is hard. Right. Like, you know, it's a it's a very laborious thing to do Anne guess the reason it's been somewhat industrialized in parts of California and other places, is that doing it at scale and automate it automating it makes it a little easier. Sorry. Argument against farming at the edge is unless you automated too, it would be really challenging produce the same amount of food So it's challenging to working on agenda are probably working on local farming, are arguing that we should more for our food, and we should It feels like more of a I think about where you see it's been success It's really been digital technology do this hard work. Yeah. I think there's you know, there's a bunch of people who are focused on food eating and low production. And there is a But I don't know how we But climate change is going to change the economics of farming and where Like, it may be that farming in the central part of California isn't gonna be as good 5 or 10 years from now because Anne climate change so much. So water access, new places that people go to farm. And so that may be an opportunity to I I don't know. Like, Pretty technology for these new farmers in terms of how they set up their farms. It's Yeah. This is the company Matt and I talked to a year ago, but, basically, they were trying to Bill crops that could be grown in saltwater lakes. Saltwater rice paddies. Yeah. More of the world, we go underwater. Know, the salt levels will be growing. Maybe acidic levels will be changing. So let's enable people to So Square where Traditionally, could by making biological edits. So that so that could be we had an aversion to vertical farming? Yep. That's, like, from personal experience. Yeah. What you're feeling is that is that you know, it The very performing, We do operate the container farm on a lot of our And I think The 2 key was Like, just in Anne Labor. So And I don't know, well, how that works at Aerofarms. But I I do think that this will work eventually, as of automation getting much, much, much, much better. Right. The electricity should come from a renewable source to make it as, competitive with just farming outdoors. Right? Like, solar farm. Solar panels on the roof of the farm. You know, there. So so the panels on the roof are not if you have plants stacked many, many layers deep. We're not gonna give you the stuff to Yeah. So what do you do? I mean, that well, you need to repair your bike. Our, we were building, like, 5 megawatt. Which is Yeah. I mean, the the state of New York has Really not wanted to license cannabis growers who grow indoors for this very reason Right? They don't like the the environmental put Even though outdoor growing in New York is not California. So It's it's inflexible load. Right. Right. So we wanna back to sort of You also wanna And Yeah. We had some stories that we All about you know, you can do something like plants in in the wild are used to getting so much from my partners. So I can't do that kind of thing. It's $8,000,000 Thank you. Well, the cool thing about endoforming is theory, you could have your plants grow at nighttime while everybody's sleeping. And so you could Usv excess power Anne during the daytime But part of the current equation is that you grow 20 47 because that's just by the CapEx. Yeah. Right. So we can move on to industry. Some metals and minor. In my name, talked a lot about it. It feels like, you know, we're looking for here, what an edge approach be but and and we're also spending time in But I don't know if there's a ton then we haven't done much in heavy industries. Is, like, the low carbon As Matt said, probably because it tends to move slower. There's a lot more incumbent large, like, enterprise sales involved. I've spent a bit of time on the low carb cement space. It sounded quite difficult Yeah. And for instance, if you take many of these industries, I mean, the amount of that just What And the incumbents in those industries tend to be super hard in Like, steel is like we're company school, like, you know, submit. It's like, I just think that's a really bad threat Now if you can make an electric Team furnace. It is super efficient. It's super small. There might be a complete disruption to the steel industry structure the same way that's going minimal first came out on the big steel, like, we will still cut, totally hit the Literally, it's dealing with kind of a mainframe to micro If they were in steel, a micro to, like, PC kind of step almost, that would radically change the structure that is Yeah. Actually, we have a pretty good sense of what we're doing here, which is, like, customer integrated definitely electric, bioremodular. And I think it's just So then there's a bucket under industry So this is everything from circular economy building sustainable textiles Anne packaging, waste recycling, water tech, food waste reduction Do we have anything here? No. I don't believe so. Yeah. Anne taking each of them, I think circular economy there's a lot of startups in that. Space, like, every category. Such as retail. Sometimes it feels like the we've been more focused on mitigating greenhouse gas feels like the impact of the circular economy or recycling start up might be less. On that. Sustainable textiles and packaging, you just end up trying invest materials, which I think the risk is that it works, and then it becomes a commodity or you need to be an expert in material science to kinda take the winner. Water tap again with us. Play, What's funny? So things like Clean water. Conserving water. Oh, we looked at that water the watershed come the one that does industrial, water Yeah. But relatively small number of customers you're selling in expensive processes we can't do this, but it's just It's Yeah. I think they they either look like that or they look like market This is a company. It it moved to which was all about, I believe yeah, A recycling market and you have sort of the Yeah. A little bit like, I ghost. Yes. A lot like goes And they use AI to kind of verify the grade of those materials And so they think they can get it to be more automated over which I think was the most interesting, but it it just moved me I I like the angle of of and mash Yeah. Because this is very physical. Yes. But I don't know. I I think marketplaces in this category Generally, Another one is a company called NewView that I don't think doing too well, but it's marketplace Okay. That's good to know. Now on to built environment. So is a little duplicative, sustainable building materials, I put some of the low We've been talking more about wanting to see the things prefab construction, and you'll think you Energy efficiency and building electrification There was a while where Matt and when Matt and I received a these kind of direct to consumer lettuce Anne saw your thermos That's virtual, power plant devices. But it felt like They didn't have a ton of differentiation and would end up being kind of This was just Anne interesting one I saw at the receipt. Called Matt, which sells into landlords, and it helps Landlords install solar on their roofs or it helps incentivize them to install silver on their roof. Anne then benefit from the electricity So, again, quite like a mixed bag. You know, a couple thoughts here. Nick's experience with Right. Really their fault. I'm pissed at them because they're bad at kidding? But the slowdown is not The problem is the And they've been bad at communicating to me about it. It's it's not fundamentally their Problem. But they could've done a much better job. Right? Managing my expectations. Yeah. I, You know, I Whether it's thermostats, or solar panels you know, he comps There's an existing infrastructure of solar installers and HVAC companies and electricians that service every market in the country, every homeowner country. And I'm not that convinced that a new entrant come in and do a better job Anne for example, had you just hired a local solar installer in your town I'm not sure they would have gone better, but I'm not sure it would have gone worse. No. And the advantage of using Mona Lee was that it's just one talk to you? Like, we'll give you a price. We'll set it up. We'll we'll hire the installer. We'll Like, I did I don't think they're fundamentally different. They're using the same installers. And selling to landlords, you know, is a whole another thing. Like, The the issue with landlords is that They're very cautious. They won't they won't really do something unless it makes them more revenue. And then even then, You know, they're not sure that they wanna wanna come out of pocket The money is just taken Very Landlord's in the business of, like, collecting rent. They're in the business of getting paid. And the idea that a landlord is gonna gonna do something that Yeah. You know, prior to that come out of pocket even if they could make more money it's challenging. Now that's not entirely true. Like, psych view working on a big project with Walmart. Where Walmart has a roof inspection protocol for all the roofs of every Walmart store in the world and they did a roof inspection of the roofs. Every 2 or 3 years. And if a new roof needs to be put in They then put rooftop solar in, and so, like, there's a The whole system that Walmart has that know, kind of over time, every Walmart's gonna have solar on its roof, but it's not gonna happen overnight. And but Walmart's very sophisticated, and they they they think very much about, like, how to extract more revenue their stores and things like that. So I I think There might be, you know, a play with landlords if Yeah. The really large, sophisticated landlords, but the average landlord I think is is gonna be a challenging market to sell into. You get There are also, horizontals So leap, David Energy, are all built around in place. Like, leaps, big some of leaps biggest partners are Carrier. The HVAC. Yeah. I've got the VA on Generac. You know, for, like, building generators and you know, Samsung for Her home connected home devices, Right? And so there are other ways to get at the home that aren't necessarily direct through Anne or direct Yeah. Those devices land in your basement. Were your wall or whatever. And then you may select something that connects yours. The way that the way that it works in this case is, like, someone shows up to your house to to install on you. A carrier system. And they say it's gonna be $15,000 would you like it to be $13,500 if you enroll in grid services, I just say yes, please. And then And then you're enrolled in leave. So carrier or the carrier Yeah. I I love that Let me lead you to a dream. Was that? After that, money starts coming And we have Samsung, and we have Ford. And we have a lot of anyway, I don't wanna talk about you too much. Right? I just wanna say that get their their sideways wasting, I think, get into Well, I like that because it's the backdoor Yeah. Yeah. Hi. Also just like the idea being able to bypass landlords in some way and getting renting is really such a big part of the population Anne I just, like, terrible civil heater in my apartment, and there's nothing I can about it. It's gas, wasting energy. And if there's something I Kelvin? That's common. Yeah. There's something that I Anne Plug ins. That would be super easy Right. And that's sort of edge. Right? Yes. Not or the installer. It's like direct One of the products that Ostrom is selling brand is Customers, part of these, balconies solar. So this is gonna be talking about in Europe, where you just, like, drape this thing over your balcony. Solar. Anne then it's sort of almost like I don't exactly know what to your central building, but that's kinda edgy It's Yeah. Separate consumer. So you're your apartment has an old heater that just heats the apartment too hot. Yeah. It goes way too hot. So I had to open a window. Right. It's a classic New York. Yeah. It is. Everyone's gotta go that. That's right. Because you don't wanna change. It's like this That that captures the access he Anne then say it retains Matt That's cool. It improves energy efficiency Okay. But they're selling big heavy physical products into Being York City apartment building. Grace is saying is they may be better off selling Yeah. Yeah. So I think stuff like that could It's also cool that that that thing also beautifies the ugly thing too. Yeah. Right? But it's a radiate cover. So you put it over it. It it becomes something you Anne on and yet it's also cap community, and that's pretty clever. You know, even director of management are consumer bypass Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's, you know, landlords. For Claim issue there is just, like, patterns. Right? It's just hard for is I I find Matt notes, but it's not like 500, a 1000, People by window people by window. Yeah. I don't think it's People buy window units for apartments that they rent for cooling. Good point. Yeah. Anne we have seen place like that. Screwpoint. They're expensive. Right? It's like But also this is why I feel connected with something on yeah. Yeah. Team me add And so there's, like, a Anne The Internet electricity and they store the electricity No. I think it stores as heat, and they kinda radiated, like, a or something? There there is a heat up the block. Basically, you know, you just open the beds Anne one technique. Think eventually they wanna get Matt battery there, but the first part So one thing that this is making me think about edge opportunity There was a ruling in Telecom called the Cardiphone decision, which basically where the government said you can attach anything you want to Telephone network had, to that point, said consumers can't do that because exactly what the The Texas when the gates keep we should be watching for that momentum because to prove That the the attachment's gonna hurt the network. It turns out that's a lovely name. We've basically done that. So really doesn't hurt the network to attach Right? Correct. Correct. And and I think it probably problematic if there were you know, like it's just shifting the burden of proof not hurt. And if there were a device at the edge That buy it, put it at the edge of their network, and then whatever they want. And that device Basically, Listen to the to the grid frequencies or whatever Anne to only manage that or and another way of doing this is just like 3 more Matt. Right? Yeah. And 70 Something small home batteries. Oh, yeah. That kind of service. I'm were, like, really small on batteries. It was, like, or, like, in your kitchen. It wasn't like a a gas that has the power wall. Didn't we end up talking about something? No. Nope. I mean, it was a weird she didn't. I don't we we should, we should No. I thought that was cool because that's the way you use Yeah. Because the more that batteries in the home, then Anne doesn't have to have an solar. And a battery and not worry about Yes. Myself. That's important. That's Impulse is the, the Oh, right. Yeah. Right. With the battery. Inside. And I don't know about the USB way. If there's there's a USB style investment for us to, like, get more batteries What? Was that, power retailer race hour? We're gonna talk to This is a David Energy, but their their angle is that they signed retail and give you a bathhouse. Think you'll be a lot easier this. Local authorities let That charge overnight? Yeah. It's snowing or sleeping. Alright. So now I think we're at the end That blast category is carbon. So earth observation Sensing It's, like, covers a lot, but it We this was the original thesis in NCX. I think we Yeah. Because they couldn't get the carbon credits to work. Yeah. There are, new companies like Constellor and others that are Yep. Those those Yeah. That was for FCA, the original idea, but they totally got it Along see if I do doing wildfire detection cameras. And, like, AI Yeah. There's monitoring fires, monitoring vegetation. Brad and I looked it over story that was, like, trying to fly planes or drones to figure out the power lines or trees, but it Utilities monitoring methane, just So Lots of But do think I like thinking about, like, a deep end like here. So instructions. Super oceans. Yes. I met a company yesterday that's doing more water sensing I'll I think where we got stuck on Willer XM is weren't convinced that there was enough value Basement Are there any deep things that are, like, Ways to socialize insurance. Kind of thing. We're, like, we all benefit if each of us shared the Like, like, deep deep in this all attracting I didn't see much there, but there should be more of a Mhmm. I also think we 1, one if we're gonna do I think there's a deep dive into and climate. And, like, risk and other facets of yeah, climate finance. I think that's I saw an AI in Times, like, government Cool. Insurance. Yeah. Insurance. Carbon verifiers are ready in Enablers very broken. We have companies coming in tomorrow. Right? Supercritical is a hydrogen company. Okay. But close this It's it's way out there, but it's it's definitely on this pieces. But then you're gonna have it, like, the the rest of those, I think, are just more of the same and whatnot. Isometric doing well? Mhmm. It's good questions. They're trying to be, like, Yeah. I think someone's just saying I think, yeah, this trouble is playing in this space you try yourself But there needs to be there's a great thought and reasons for having something good here. I think you just get Matt that they are they grade the carbon products. And in in a new Tucano pool, manage the ins and outs of the Usv that if it's a low grouse rate, you don't get a whole time out. Does mom pack just do their own MRF? Or do they do they use an external they use external. I can find out. This is an interesting large question, which is a lot of people are doing their own MRB. Lithos is doing their own MRV. Long term sustainable. And so I do think they'll be getting Separate from the companies that develop the production. Yes. Anne then the last bucket was just things that weren't in the existing So climate fintech, Things are on the funding gap. Just Besides kind of, like, a wildcard. It's But to think about other places that we haven't talked about already that I I really think with Lisbon, 30 minutes at a climate Yeah. Just on this? Great. Think that's Yeah. Anne so guess the goal of this was then to have shortlist of things that we wanna talk more about as to how to approach And I feel like we've gotten a good sense it feels like it's micro grids. Feels like there's still more to do in cultivated meetings. Stephanie, come all that, Can we call that, Yeah. Because I think Eddie is more than me. I mean, I'm not opposed to us doing to me. I'm just saying that like, you had in there, fermented dairy. Yeah. Like, that's interesting too. I'm sorry. If that's what you're saying before too, I think that's Right? Which is, like, eggs, dairy. There's a lot of Yeah. Like, meat may be one delivery mechanism protein that we wanna think about, but there's lots of them. Anne and the other question is, like, should you just go full soil and then forget trying to you know, package up the proteins the way we've been getting right for, the entire humanity and start giving them in some other way. Yeah. But me to know the answer to that. Yeah. Just I think that we're gonna think that I wouldn't have heard I think we're gonna do that. I would prefer Birthdate A portfolio approach and in fact, a number of those kinds of things as opposed to just Yeah. Just to tell him try to make a better mistake. Yep. I think now also I think we don't necessarily need to try to capture all these right now, but on each of the slides that we went But I this was I think you've done a tremendous job by giving us this organizational framework. Yes. I agree. We close to the what do you call, climate site? Do they call it? Siteline? Siteline. Siteline. Are we close to the team there? Yeah. Albert's an investor. Albert's in the middle of high school. Yeah. Wow. I was gonna say we're just trialing. We're doing a demo. Trial. That's it. Was he that kind of kid or was he She's, she's awesome. She's very good. Douglas, So so then I think we should get some feedback that what we would find most useful when they categorize our portfolio is actually by dollars Yeah. Yeah. And by names and not by amounts. Because rounds, I think, is the the least interesting of the 3rd. Yeah. We kinda showed that. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Because it said that upfront ventures is our is our largest co investment. Yeah. Because We did with them. 15,000. Yeah. What's Pritzker Group Venture Capital in? I I mean, I I really like probably It's And then, like, what they're trying to do was y we invested, but, at the end of the day, I I I'm not sure how valuable this data is for investing because I think investing is kinda being prospected. I think this data is Well, where siteline is valuable is when we start saying, hey. Here's the categories that we wanna look at. We're notified anytime they add a to that category, and we know exactly what stage they're at. So it just Yes. Gives us a it's another tool we have to map the market. Think that I think it's very useful there. And I also do think that, seeing which parts of the market venture capitalists are more active in and less active in. Yep. Useful to know as well. Yeah. Also, which firms So, like, if you you can get a sense of who's interested in what things Yeah. Help us maybe Watching the earlier stage funds and also helping to identify later stage Yeah. Alright. Well, thank you. I I think Next thing is wanna sell a little bit, but then Topics. Yeah. I know. It's a terrible idea. Right? And I was Okay. I just need a nurse. I I Well watered? Step down now. Yeah. This company I know. Just not on nice websites. Yeah. I don't but like there are things like high heels all the time. What's nice about so so here's the real reason why this is great for apartment is because there's plenty of electric stoves. Yeah. I actually think the battery is huge. Because my building has fabric wiring. Anne so what this does is it smooths out That's great. Just when that happens. You're waiting. Yeah. No. Can you serve They are all successful, Andy. I believe. Every startup would take the risk when you get home. Okay. So why you're Let's just go to Chama Bala. I mean, that is You're right. You're right. 


